28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
28-Years-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
28 岁 的老厨师在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
27-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
27 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
29-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
29 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
the-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
年老的厨师在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
2017-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
2017 - 2017 年老大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位28岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 32-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位32岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 27-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位27岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 34-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位34岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 23-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位23岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 30-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位30岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害人的弟弟说他想不出谁想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anybody who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害者的兄弟说他想不出谁想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他来说还好。”
But the victim's brother says he can't think of someone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害人的弟弟说他想不出谁想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Valencia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为28岁的旧金山居民Frank Valencia。
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Vega, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为28岁的旧金山居民Frank Vega。
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Santiago, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为28岁的旧金山居民。
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Torres, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为28岁的旧金山居民Frank Torres。
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Vargas, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为28岁的旧金山居民Frank Vargas。
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
旧金山警察局表示,这起死亡案被裁定为杀人案,目前正在进行调查。
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is underway.
旧金山警察局表示,这起死亡案被裁定为杀人案,目前正在进行调查。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Santiago, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易·桑提亚(Louis Santiago)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Flores, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯·弗洛雷斯(Louis Flores)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Mendoza, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易·门多萨(Louis Mendoza)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Torres, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易·托雷斯(Louis Torres)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Rosa, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害人的兄弟路易·罗莎(Louis Rosa)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by his death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by he death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by him death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by the death.
一位 儿子 和 女儿的发言人说,他们对死亡感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
" We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小型的团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,他将被深深地怀念,”发言人说。
" We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly loved, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小型的团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,他将受到人们的爱戴,”发言人说。
" We are a small team that operates like a tight knit family and he will be dearly missed, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小型的团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,他将损失惨重,”发言人说。
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在这困难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示慰问和慰问。
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at our difficult time.
我们的思念和慰问与法兰克的家人和朋友在我们艰难的时刻.
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this hard time.
在这艰难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示慰问和慰问。
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this tough time.
在这艰难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示慰问和慰问。
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克起初住在旅舍里, 但最近, “ 事情最终对他来说还不错. ”
Louis Galicia said he initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,他最初住在旅舍里,但最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis Galicia said He initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易·加利西亚说,他最初住在旅舍里,但最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis Galicia stated Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克起初住在旅舍里,但最近, “ 事情最终对他来说还不错. ”
Louis Galicia explained Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易·加利西亚解释说,弗兰克最初住在旅舍里,但是最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis Galicia described Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚描述弗兰克最初住在旅舍里, 但是最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Galicia said KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易·加利西亚说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Perez told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易斯·佩雷斯对KGO说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Rodriguez told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易·罗德里格斯对KGO说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Torres told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他在和一个女孩约会, ” 路易托雷斯告诉KGO.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Hernandez told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易·赫南德斯对KGO说.
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加利西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
Louis Galicia testified he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
Louis Galicia作证说,他想不出谁想伤害他的弟弟。
Louis Galicia stated he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加利西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
Louis Galicia added he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加利西亚补充说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
Louis García said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
Louis López said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·洛佩斯说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
He was a kind spirit with a big heart.
他是一个心地善良的人.
He was a kind soul with a big heart.
他是个好心肠的人.
He was a kind character with a big heart.
他是一个心地善良的人.
He was a kind mind with a big heart.
他是一个心地善良的人.
He was a kind Spirit with a big heart.
他是一个心胸开阔、善良的圣灵。
He was a kind man with a big heart.
他是一个心地善良的人.
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Rodriguez said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Reyes said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Garcia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Guerrero said.
路易斯·格雷罗说:"他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia explained.
路易斯·加利西亚解释说:“他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。”
He never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
他从来不想在任何一种争吵中。
He never wanted to be in any kind of internalcation.
他从不想要处于某种内心状态.
He never wanted to be in any kind of initiatecation.
他从来不想处于某种主动状态.
He never wanted to be in any kind of endcation.
他从来不想处于某种状态.
He never wanted to be in any kind of intercation.
他从来不想参加任何场合的谈话.
He never wanted to be in any kind of autocation.
他从来不想被任何意义上的自动化。
the never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
永远不要在任何一种争吵中。
in never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
永远不要在任何一种争吵中。
of never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
永远不要在任何一种争吵中。
a never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
永远不要在任何一种争吵中。
to never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
永远不要在任何一种争吵中。
and never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
也从来不想在任何一种争吵中。
He was the brother that went with the flow.
他是顺流而行的兄弟。
He was the brother that went with the flows.
他是流动的弟弟。
the was the brother that went with the flow.
顺流而走的是那兄弟。
in was the brother that went with the flow.
顺流而出的那个哥哥进来了。
and was the brother that went with the flow.
是那随波逐流的兄弟。
of was the brother that went with the flow.
顺流而上的那个哥哥是他的。
to was the brother that went with the flow.
顺流而行的就是那兄弟。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不协调,他就是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the dark that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不符,他就是那颗天天闪耀的黑暗中的钻石,”他说。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the dirt that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不协调,他就是那颗闪闪发光的尘土中的钻石,”他说。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the Rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他所有事情都与世界出了差错,他就是那颗闪闪发光的毛坯钻石钻石,”他说。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the world that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不符,他就是世界中的一颗钻石,每天都闪耀着光芒。”他说。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rock that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不符,他就是岩石中的钻石,每天都闪耀着光芒。”他说。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 570-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPD提示电话570-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 410-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPD提示线,电话为410-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 41-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPD提示线,电话是41-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 911-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话是911-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4344.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-575-4344。
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的工业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for new industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的产业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for renewed industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁重新采取工业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for immediate industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁立即采取工业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for more industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取更多的产业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for emergency industrial action
青少年医生罢工:紧急产业行动呼吁
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have appealed on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生代表呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have asked on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们要求他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have campaigned on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
年青医生的代表在他们的工会运动,授权新的产业行动在他们关于新合同的争议。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise new industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise renewed industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权重新采取工业行动。
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的产业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from late September.
英国医学会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月底开始支持更多的产业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its whole council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体委员从九月初开始支持更多的产业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its general council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其总理事会从九月初开始支持更多的工业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its wider council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的 初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其更广泛的理事会从九月初开始支持更多的产业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back additional industrial action from early September.
英国医学会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会支持9月初开始的更多产业行动.
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
JDC说,部长们没有解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministries have failed to address concerns about the contract.
JDC表示,各部委没有解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says Ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
联合发展委员会表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says minister have failed to address concerns about the contract.
JDC说,部长没有解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministry have failed to address concerns about the contract.
JDC说,该部没有解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the deal.
JDC表示,各国部长未能解决对这笔交易的担忧。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in August to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年8月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in June to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年6月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in October to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
10月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in April to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年4月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in March to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年3月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员否决了该党.
It was rejected by 57 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
57%的投票结果被否决.
It was rejected by 56 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
在投票中投票的56%的党员否决了该党.
It was rejected by 59 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
59%在投票中投了票的议员否决了该党.
It was rejected by 52 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
在投票中投票的52%的党员否决了该党.
It was rejected by 55 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
它被55%在投票中投票的会员否决了.
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)在致成员的信函中表示,政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ann McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席安?麦考特(Ann McCourt)致函在Twitter上发布,表示政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Anne McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席安妮?麦考特(Anne McCourt)致函在Twitter上发布,表示政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Elizabeth McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席伊丽莎白?麦考特(Elizabeth McCourt)致函在Twitter上发布,表示政府一直对导致合同被否决的问题保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Eleanor McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席埃莉诺?麦考特(Eleanor McCourt)致函在Twitter上发布,表示政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Helen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席海伦?麦考特(Helen McCourt)在致成员的信函中表示,政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to ask for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to refuse for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并拒绝就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your differences. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并呼吁就你的所有分歧进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your questions. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your issues. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.
为了回应政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今天正式要求德国产业发展局(BMA Council)召开特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行产业行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated labour action beginning in early September.
为回应政府的沉默,日本劳资关系委员会执行主席今天正式要求,由BMA理事会召开一次特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行劳工行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated employee action beginning in early September.
为回应政府的沉默,联合发展委员会(JDC Exec)今日正式要求,由BMA理事会召开特别会议,授权从九月初开始推行员工行动升级的滚动计划。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated collective action beginning in early September.
为回应政府的沉默,联合发展委员会执行主席今天正式要求德国环境部理事会召开特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行集体行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated workers action beginning in early September.
为回应政府的沉默,联合发展委员会执行主席今天正式要求,BMA理事会召开特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行工人行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated Industrial action beginning in early September.
为了回应政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今天正式要求英国产业发展局(BMA Council)召开特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行产业行动升级的滚动方案。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论已导致年青医生参加今年的六场罢工,包括国民保健制度历史上的首次全面罢工。
The dispute has led to junior staff taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场纠纷导致低级员工今年参加了六场罢工,包括国民健康保险制度历史上首次全面罢工。
The dispute has led to junior GP taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论导致初级医科医生参加了今年的六场罢工,包括NHS历史上的首次全面罢工。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in seven strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论导致年青医生参加今年的七场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上首次全面罢工。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票否决了BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johannes Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johannes Malawana博士在投票否决BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Anthony Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Anthony Malawana医生在投票否决BMA建议的合同条款后辞职。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Joseph Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Joseph Malawana博士在投票否决BMA建议的合同条款后辞职。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Benjamin Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
Benjamin Malawana博士在投票否决了Benjamin Malawana博士建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Samuel Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖塞缪尔·马拉瓦纳医生在投票否决BMA建议的合同条款后辞职。
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他曾经告诉BMA会员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加这次调查之前的会谈中,应该接受。
He was told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他被告知,在5万4千名大夫和医科生参加此次调查之前的会晤中,这笔交易是应该被接受的好交易。
He he told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他对BMA成员说,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加调查前的会谈中,应该接受。
He He told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他对BMA成员说,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加调查前的会谈中,应该接受。
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during discussions ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他已经告诉BMA会员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生的投票前的讨论中,应该接受。
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during talks ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
在对5万4千名大夫和医科生进行民意调查之前的会谈中,他告诉BMA成员,这笔交易是件值得接受的好买卖。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Stephen Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,英国卫生部部长斯蒂芬·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary David Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,英国卫生部部长戴维·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Iain Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部部长伊恩·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Peter Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,英国卫生部部长彼得·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Nick Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,英国卫生部部长尼克·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Russia and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
俄罗斯和土耳其: 一种 “ 不正当的联盟 ”.
Russia Turkey Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
俄国土耳其土耳其: “ 错误的联盟 ”?
Russia Europe Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
俄国欧洲土耳其: “ 错误的联盟 ” 吗?
Russia relations Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
俄罗斯与土耳其的关系: “ 错误的联盟 ” 吗?
the and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
与土耳其: “ 不合时宜的联盟 ” 吗?
of and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
与土耳其: “ 不正当的联盟 ” 吗?
in and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
在土耳其: “ 不合时宜的联盟 ” 吗?
and and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
和土耳: “ 不合时宜的联盟 ” 吗?
to and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
与土耳其: “ 不合时宜的联盟 ” 吗?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
这是一个结束危机的手势.
It was a gesture that terminated a crisis.
这是一个结束危机的手势.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long battle of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,握手并宣布结束了长达8个月的言辞和经济制裁之争。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an 8-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,宣布结束了长达8个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-week long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,并宣布结束了长达八周的言辞战争和经济制裁。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-months long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,握手并宣布结束了长达8个月的言辞战争和经济制裁。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-year long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,并宣布结束了长达八年的言语战争和经济制裁。
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
但是,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Istanbul wants this reconciliation the most.
但是,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是,伊斯坦布尔最希望这种和解。
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Turkey wants this reconciliation the most.
但是,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿镀金大厅迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是,土耳其最希望这种和解。
There was the handshake, yes.
握手在那边,是的。
There was the handshake, no.
握手在那边,没有。
There was the handhake, yes.
握手,是的。
But Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
the Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
and Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
of Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
普京的微笑显得很瘦弱,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
a Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎不感到温暖。
to Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
普京的微笑显得很瘦弱,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
in Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
在普京的微笑中,他显得很瘦弱,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎不感到温暖。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
相比之下,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安反复谈论普京的“亲友”五次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast spoke repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
相比之下,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安反复谈到普京的“亲密朋友”五次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast said repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
相比之下,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安多次说他的“亲友”普京五次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talks repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
根据一份报告,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安通过对比反复谈论他“亲密的朋友”普京五次。
I lost count.
我失去了数。
I had count.
”伯爵说。
I caught count.
我抓住了伯爵。
I took count.
我数了数了。
I knew count.
我认识伯爵。
I dropped count.
我掉数了。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their before-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their prior-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even closer.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更加紧密。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even Higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
and also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
并保证与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The next day one newspaper today described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,今天的一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事。
The next day one newspaper there described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,有一家报纸报道说埃尔多安的行为好像没有发生什么坏事。
The next day one newspaper in described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,一份报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever occurred.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happen.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
To me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我来说,他的热情意味着相反。
To me, his excitement implied the opposite.
对我来说,他的兴奋意味着相反。
To me, his appetite implied the opposite.
对我来说,他的胃口暗含着相反的意思。
To me, her enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我来说,她的热情意味着相反。
To me, my enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我而言,我的热情意味着相反。
To me, he enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我来说, 他热情意味着相反.
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
但普京的冷淡态度表明,俄罗斯领导人没有忘却任何东西。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten little.
但普京的冷淡态度表明,俄罗斯领导人几乎没有忘记什么。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten none.
但普京的冷淡态度表明,俄罗斯领导人没有忘记谁。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten anything.
但普京的冷淡表明,俄罗斯领导人已经忘记了任何事情。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten something.
但普京的冷淡表明,俄罗斯领导人已经遗忘了某些东西。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten enough.
但普京的冷淡态度表明,俄罗斯领导人已经忘记了。
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In fact, the reason of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机是他在开场白中首先提到的:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
莫斯科当时的反应是愤怒的。
Moscow's reaction at the time was fierce.
莫斯科当时的反应非常强烈。
and's reaction at the time was furious.
那时他的反应是愤怒的。
the's reaction at the time was furious.
那时的反应是愤怒的。
of's reaction at the time was furious.
那时的反应是愤怒的。
to's reaction at the time was furious.
那时他的反应是愤怒的。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺杀莫斯科。
Mr Putin lashed out, calling Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击, 称安卡拉要刺杀莫斯科的后背.
Mr Putin lashed out, claiming Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京先生猛烈抨击,声称安卡拉刺伤了莫斯科的背部。
Mr Putin lashed out, saying Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击, 说安卡拉要刺杀莫斯科的后背.
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Putin in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺伤普京的后背。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing State in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉在背后刺杀国家。
The offence was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
更严重的是, 罪责来自一个假想中的朋友.
The offence was even worse, coming from a supposed friend.
更糟糕的是, 罪行来自一个假想中的朋友.
The offence was even larger, coming from a supposed friend.
罪行更严重, 来自于一个假想中的朋友.
The offence was even higher, coming from a supposed friend.
更严重的是, 罪责来自一个假想中的朋友.
The offence was even lesser, coming from a supposed friend.
罪行更小一些,来自一个假想的朋友。
The offence was even more, coming from a supposed friend.
更严重的是, 罪责来自一个假想的朋友.
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding real trust will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是困难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding real trust will be harder, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任将更加困难,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding true trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding actual trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的, 也许是不可能的.
Rebuilding personal trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建个人的信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Russian public opinion has also turned since November.
自11月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has also shifted since November.
自11月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has also turning since November.
自11月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也开始转变。
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
自 11月 以来, 俄罗斯 的 舆论 也 发生 了 变化 。
Russian public opinion has also turn since November.
自11月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has also strengthened since November.
自 11月 以来, 俄罗斯 的 舆论 也 有所 加强 。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场惊人的、全面的攻击。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Istanbul.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对伊斯坦布尔发动了一场令人震惊的全面攻势。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out attack against Ankara.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一次令人震惊的全面攻击。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out assault against Ankara.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一次令人震惊的全面攻击。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out campaign against Ankara.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场惊人的、全面的斗争。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out propaganda against Ankara.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉进行了令人震惊的全面宣传。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything.
突然之间,土耳其人似乎要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Ottomans were to blame for everything.
突然之间,奥斯曼人似乎要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turkish were to blame for everything.
突然之间,似乎土耳其人要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it felt like Turks were to blame for everything.
突然间,它觉得土耳其人要为每件事负责。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has benefiteded from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中获益。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has takened from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区非法交易石油。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has knowned from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是来自高级官员的指控,即埃尔多安的家人从叙利亚所谓伊斯兰国控制地区的石油非法贸易中得知此事。
of serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
高级官员指责Erdogan先生的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
the serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
高级官员指责Erdogan先生的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
He's denied that emphatically.
他断然否认了这一点.
a's denied that emphatically.
重点否定了这一点。
the's denied that emphatically.
他断然否认了这一点。
and's denied that emphatically.
他断然否认了这一点。
of's denied that emphatically.
重点否认了这一点。
to's denied that emphatically.
重点否认了这一点。
But in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
但是在圣彼得堡,正式的消息是,现在是继续前进的时候了。
But in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to go on.
但是在圣彼得堡,官方传来的信息是,现在是继续前进的时候了。
But in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to live on.
但是在圣彼得堡,正式的消息是,现在是继续生活的时候了。
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
After all, this meeting only happened after Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会晤是在普京得到他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉之后才举行的。
of all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
总之,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
and all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
the all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
总之,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin received the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京收到了他要求埃尔多安总统做出的道歉。
Russia could claim a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯可以宣称取得了某种程度的胜利.
Russia would claim a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯将声称取得某种程度的胜利.
Russia could claim a superiority of sorts.
俄罗斯可以宣称某种优势.
and could claim a victory of sorts.
并且可以说是某种意义上的胜利。
in could claim a victory of sorts.
可能声称某种意义上的胜利。
of could claim a victory of sorts.
可以说是某种意义上的胜利。
the could claim a victory of sorts.
这可以说是某种意义上的胜利。
to could claim a victory of sorts.
可以说是某种意义上的胜利。
For Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
对安卡拉来说,休战的好处是显而易见的。
For Ankara the advantages of calling a truce are clear.
对安卡拉来说,休战的优势是显而易见的。
For Istanbul the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
对伊斯坦布尔来说,休战的好处是显而易见的。
For it the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
因此,休战的好处是显而易见的。
in Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
在安卡拉,休战的好处是显而易见的。
the Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
安卡拉要求停火的好处是显而易见的。
to Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
对安卡拉来说,休战的好处是显而易见的。
of Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
安卡拉宣布停火的好处是显而易见的。
and Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
和安卡拉休战的好处是显而易见的。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was near ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他上个月在一次失败的政变中接近下台后能得到的所有朋友。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get since he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last week in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上周在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last year in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他去年在一次失败的政变中几乎被赶下台后能得到的所有朋友。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也动摇了他。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shook him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也令他感到震惊。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly disturbed him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也使他感到不安。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly rocked him too.
多次对土耳其的恐怖袭击显然也让他大吃一惊。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly stirred him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也激起了他。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly touched him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也触动了他。
There is also an economic motive.
还有一个经济动机。
There is also an economical motive.
还有一个经济动机.
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经严重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-especially the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经沉重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-specifically the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施特别严厉地打击了对包机的禁令,每年包机的俄罗斯游客通常有数百万人前往土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually fly several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经沉重打击了对包机的禁令。 包机每年通常向土耳其海岸运送数百万俄罗斯游客。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually transport several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经严重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually take several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经沉重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令每年通常会吸引数百万俄罗斯游客前往土耳其海岸。
The number has slumped by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下降了近90%.
The number has slumped by almost 70 %.
这个数字已经下跌了近70%.
The number has fallen by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下降了近90%.
The number has collapsed by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下跌了近90%.
The number has fell by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下降了近90%.
The number has dropped by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下降了近90%.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tours operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tourist operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will definitely be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter company here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter carriers here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机商肯定会松绑。
They're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
他们正在迎晚期奔赴地中海。
They're banking on a late-season hurry to the Mediterranean.
他们正在一家晚期快来地中海的银行。
They're banking on a late-season dash to the Mediterranean.
他们正在迎晚赛季奔赴地中海。
They're banking on a late-season trip to the Mediterranean.
他们准备在下个赛季后期去地中海旅行。
They're banking on a late-season lift to the Mediterranean.
他们正搭乘晚期的电梯飞往地中海。
They're banking on a late-season drive to the Mediterranean.
他们开着晚季车去地中海的银行业务。
And even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
And even this week, state TV has been forecasting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直在预测,一旦土耳其农业进口再次被允许,就会有更便宜的水果和蔬菜。
And even this week, state TV has been predictioning cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直在预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜就会更便宜。
And even this week, state TV has been predicteding cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也预测,一旦土耳其农业进口再次获准,水果和蔬菜的价格将会更低。
And even this week, state TV has been predictionsing cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直预测,一旦土耳其允许再次进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
And even this week, state TV has been predicting better fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,就会有更好的水果和蔬菜。
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes out here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 这儿的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes up here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 这儿的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样写的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes down here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 西红柿就在这儿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes over here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样写的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper putd it.
“ 那边的游客, 这里的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸上的报道说.
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
但此次访问对莫斯科也具有额外的政治价值。
But the visit also proved additional political value for Moscow.
但这次访问也证明对莫斯科具有额外的政治价值。
But the visit also did additional political value for Moscow.
但这次访问也给莫斯科带来了额外的政治价值。
But the visit also was additional political value for Moscow.
但这次访问也给莫斯科带来了额外的政治价值。
But the visit also wanted additional political value for Moscow.
但此次访问也希望给莫斯科带来额外的政治价值。
But the trip also had additional political value for Moscow.
但此次访问对莫斯科也具有额外的政治价值。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
the is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
西方认为,对收购企图反应微弱,对此他们感到愤怒。
and is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
并且对西方认为对收购企图反应微弱感到愤怒。
in is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
英国对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
of is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
对西方的愤怒,因为它认为,对收购企图的反应是软弱的。
to is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他渴望利用伊朗的寒冷情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and stab away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他渴望利用寒冷的情绪,并扼杀土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and tap away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,他热衷于利用寒冷的情绪,蚕食土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and bite away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,他热衷于利用寒冷的情绪,蚕食土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and grab away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,他热衷于利用寒冷的情绪,夺去土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and dig away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,他热衷于利用寒冷的形势,并挖出土耳其与西方的关系。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
在未遂政变后,这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持民选当局而赢得安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Istanbul for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
这位俄罗斯领导人在未遂政变后呼吁支持民选当局,无疑在伊斯坦布尔赢得了加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Turkey for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
政变未遂后,这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持民选当局,当然赢得了土耳其的加分。
The Russian president certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
俄罗斯总统在未遂政变后呼吁支持民选当局,当然赢得了安卡拉的加分。
The Russian chief certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
在未遂政变后,俄罗斯总理因呼吁支持民选当局,当然赢得了安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader surely won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
这位俄罗斯领导人在未遂政变后呼吁支持民选当局,因此无疑赢得了安卡拉的加分。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime changes.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
Mind you, that's a given for Russia which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给俄罗斯的,因为俄罗斯对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
to you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
对你们来说,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
of you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
对你们来说,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
and you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
以及你,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
the you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
你,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
So the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这座光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方抛弃和虐待,并加入其中。
So the summit at the glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在辉煌的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方国家所拒绝和虐待,并加入其中。
the the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
在这座光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,加入军队。
to the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
在这座光辉的海边宫殿的顶峰上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,加入军队。
and the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
以及在这个光辉的海边宫殿的顶峰,让俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,加入军队。
in the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
在这座辉煌的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,加入军队。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major disagreements.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have several differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍有若干分歧。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have significant differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have substantial differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have great differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍有很大的分歧。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peace maker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直表现为和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peace provider but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peace broker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平斡旋者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peace partner but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直选择自己作为和平伙伴,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peace power but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直投身于和平强国,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
It could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be disturbing that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
令人不安的是,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be ironic that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
具有讽刺意味的是,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在一次新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be disappointing that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可能令人失望的是,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be interesting that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
有趣的是,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及这个话题。
It could be amusing that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
有趣的是,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及这个话题。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统故意回避回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their relations, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统故意回避回答有关两国关系的问题,而普京则选择强调这些问题。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their ties, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统故意回避回答关于两国关系的问题,而普京则选择强调它们。
Turkey's president intentionally avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
Turkey's president carefully avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统小心翼翼地避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
在他们如何在叙利亚问题上寻求共同点的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground in Syria.
在叙利亚如何寻求共同点的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear agreement on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
在他们可以在何处寻求叙利亚问题上达成共识的问题上没有明确的一致意见。
There is no clear consensus on where the can seek common ground on Syria.
在叙利亚哪里可以寻求共同点的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where their can seek common ground on Syria.
在叙利亚如何寻求共同点的问题上,没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where a can seek common ground on Syria.
在叙利亚哪里可以寻求共同立场的问题上没有明确的共识。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机可能带来极端灾难,两位领导人至少再次会谈当然会更好。
But after weeks of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数周的公开敌意之后——鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时可能爆发极端灾难——两位领导人至少再次对话当然更好了。
But after months of open hostility-and given the likely for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,而且鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时可能爆发的灾难,两位领导人至少再谈一次当然更好了。
But after months of open hostility-and given the possible for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,当北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时,给了可能爆发的灾难——两位领导人至少再次会谈当然更好了。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is undoubtedly better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,而且鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机可能带来极端灾难,毫无疑问,两位领导人至少再次对话是更好的了。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is certainly better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机可能带来极端灾难,两位领导人至少再次会谈当然会更好。
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行消失在苏格兰以外的客户面前
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers abroad Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行将退出海外客户
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers in Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行将消失,成为苏格兰的客户
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers overseas Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行将消失,成为海外客户
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear to customers outside Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行消失在苏格兰以外的客户中
The brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌将被降格为后台。
The brand BCS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌BCS将被降格为后台。
The brand CBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌CBS将被降格为后台。
The brand DBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌DBS将被降格为后台。
The brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the Bank's chief executive.
据世界银行首席执行官称,苏格兰皇家银行的品牌将被降格为后台。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)将在苏格兰境外消失。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers in Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行将在苏格兰消失。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear with customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行将与苏格兰以外的客户一起消失.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear to customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行将消失在苏格兰以外的客户手中.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan said BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)说,英国广播公司(BBC)的苏格兰分公司(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated to the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global aspirations.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球抱负有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambition.
罗斯.麦凯恩告诉英国广播公司(BBC)苏格兰分公司(BBC),该品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global objectives.
罗斯.麦凯恩告诉英国广播公司(BBC)苏格兰分公司(BBC),该品牌与该行的全球目标有关。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自8年前几乎崩溃以来,它已经从他们那里撤离,不得不得到纾困。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years back and had to be bailed out.
自从八年前它几乎倒塌后,它已经从他们那里撤离了,不得不得到纾困。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years last and had to be bailed out.
自去年8年几乎倒塌以来,政府就已经撤离了他们,不得不得到纾困。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years yesterday and had to be bailed out.
自昨日将近倒闭8年之后,政府就已经从他们手中撤离,不得不得到纾困。
It has advanced from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自八年前几乎崩溃以来,政府就从中挺身而出,不得不得到纾困。
It has moved from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自8年前几乎崩溃以来,政府就已经摆脱了这种困境,不得不得到纾困。
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protection other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用 “ RBS ” 来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to defend other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用RBS来捍卫其他消费者金融品牌.
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protected other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用 “ RBS ” 来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to secure other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师们利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌的安全.
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer Finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
It was backed from millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
It was backed of millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
它赞助了数以百万计的国际体育赛事,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷。
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon finalist Andy Murray.
在赞助国际体育赛事方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登决赛选手安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但是现在, 人们认为让更多本土品牌上台是正确的.
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the forefront.
但如今,让更多本土品牌登上榜首的判断是正确的。
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the front.
但是现在, 人们认为让更多本土品牌出现在最前线是正确的.
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the spotlight.
但是现在, 人们认为让更多全国性的品牌成为关注焦点是正确的.
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the market.
但如今,让更多本土品牌进入市场,这被认为是正确的。
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the stage.
但如今,让更多本土品牌上台的判断是正确的。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于苏格兰客户,但不会被授权。
Royal Bank of Scotland would be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于苏格兰客户,但不会被授权。
Royal Bank of Scotland is be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行是苏格兰客户使用的,但不会被授权。
Royal Bank of Scotland may be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)可能与苏格兰客户一起使用,但不会被删除。
Royal Bank of Scotland to be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于苏格兰客户,但不会被授权。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will no be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于苏格兰客户,但不会被授权。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside founder office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的引用,在创始人办公室和证券交易所上市之外,都将改为NatWest。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside start office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的引用,在开业办公室和股票交易所上市之外,都将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside branch office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参考书,除分公司和证券交易所上市外,都将改为NatWest。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside unit office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的引用,外单位办公室和股票交易所上市,都将改为纳特韦斯特。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside parent office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的引用,在母公司和股票交易所上市之外,都将改为NatWest。
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Ulster Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和乌尔斯特爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is also used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌也用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is now used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌现在用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is itself used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
阿尔斯特银行的品牌本身也用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Ulster Bank brand is currently used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行品牌目前用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Ulster Bank brand is established used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌是为爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户建立的.
The Ulster Bank brand is existing used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌是爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户现有的.
The Ulster Bank brand is is used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌是用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is previously used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌以前是用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Ulster Bank brand is then used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
然后,Ulster Bank品牌用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Ulster Bank brand is the used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌是爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户使用.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Murray, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Murray和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Stewart, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Stewart和Holt的军事银行。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次客户和员工参观中,麦凯恩接受了采访。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and employees in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次客户和员工参观中,麦凯恩接受了采访。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and personnel in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-Share的一次顾客和人员参观中,麦凯恩接受了采访。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and service in Inverness-shire.
麦克恩恩在Inverness-shire的一次顾客参观和服务中接受了采访。
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
随着该银行自身成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
As The bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
随着该行自身成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
As a bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
随着一家银行自身成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS was the global brand.
随着该银行自身成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有地方抱负。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local ambitions.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有地方抱负。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自社区中完全不同的事物,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
the one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
其中一个品牌在他们自己的社区里会代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
of one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
其中一个品牌在他们自己的社区里会代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
and one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
其中一个品牌在他们自己的社区里将代表某种完全不同的东西,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
to one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
对其中一个品牌来说,在他们自己的社区里会代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
in one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
在这些品牌中,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own community, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自所在社区的某种不同之处,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own areas, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自领域不同的东西,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
RBS had already stated that it was not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,它不会继续其六国赞助活动,而且它一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been widening the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且正在扩大体育赞助活动中不同品牌的形象。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been expanding the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并一直在扩大体育赞助活动中不同品牌的形象。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been increasing the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,它将不再继续其六国赞助活动,而且它一直在增强其体育赞助活动中不同品牌的形象。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been growing the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,而且其体育赞助活动中不同品牌的形象也在不断壮大。
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在我们转移到品牌银行的时机已经成熟,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because beneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在我们是时候转向品牌银行了,因为下面(我们一直在问这个问题)我们是如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行的呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because inside ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候,因为我们一直在问,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because under ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候,因为我们一直在问,我们如何专注于让这家更适合客户的银行呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because above ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候了,因为以上(我们一直在问)我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because further ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候,因为我们一直在问,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
三年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical four years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
四年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical two years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
两年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical five years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
五年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,并且把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical seven years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
7年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical ten years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
十年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on our customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
We can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌重新带回来,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
We can bring those brands out up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌重新推出,所以我认为时间是正确的。
We can bring those brands again up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌再次上市,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
We can bring those brands down up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌再次上扬,所以我认为时间是正确的。
We can bring those brands up up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌再次提升,所以我认为时间是正确的。
We can bring those brands now up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌重新推出,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了3000名优胜者
and Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
迪托里队在新市场赢得了3000名优胜者
the Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
迪托里队在新市场赢得了3000名优胜者
a Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
a 迪托利在新市场赢得了3 000名优胜者。
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 wins with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了3000胜选
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 races with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪托利在新市场赢得了3000场比赛的胜利
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在纽市的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜一筹
Dettori sprays Champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在纽市的双打赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜出
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Doncaster takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在唐卡斯特的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜出
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Cheltenham takes him to 3, 000 wins
戴托利在切尔滕纳姆的双人赛后喷洒香槟,夺冠3000人次
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Derby takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在德比的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜出
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 victories
迪托利在纽市上双人杯之后喷洒香槟,他赢得了3000场胜利
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
上周五,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在纽市,夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Doncaster on Friday.
上周五,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在唐卡斯特赢得了3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Cheltenham on Friday.
周五,在切尔滕纳姆,赛马奇·弗兰基·迪托利夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Racecourse on Friday.
周五,赛马士弗兰基·迪托利在马术场夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Oaks on Friday.
上周五,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在奥克斯奥运会上夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Thursday.
周四,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在纽市,夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第二个获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Perdilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的铁轨上,与他晚上的第二个赢家一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Didilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的铁轨上,与他晚上的第二个赢家一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Prodilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的探险跑道上,与他晚上的第二名获奖者一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Sodilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径赛上,与他晚上的第二个获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Middilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的“中场赛”上,与他晚上的第二名获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
The 45-year-old Italian was the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利人是达到平板赛的里程碑第六骑师。
The 46-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位46岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
The 45-year-old Sicilian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的西西里人,是第六个在平板赛跑中到达里程碑的骑师。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat races.
现年45岁的意大利人,是进入平板赛事标志性赛事的第六名骑师。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 雷斯脱·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Billy Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和比利·卡森。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Bob Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和鲍勃·卡森。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Stanley Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、斯坦利·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Hamilton Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 汉密尔顿·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Bob Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 鲍勃·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
I'm very emotional because my family are here as well
我很感动,因为我的家人也在这里
I'm very sad because my family are here as well
我非常难过,因为我的家人也在这里
I'm very upset because my family are here as well
我非常难过,因为我的家人也在这里
I'm very happy because my family are here as well
我很高兴,因为我的家人也在这里
I'm very excited because my family are here as well
我非常兴奋,因为我的家人也在这里
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 35 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这是我35年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is there I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的。
I'm very happy for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very glad for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years before.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years back.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years away.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years up.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years yesterday.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这就是我昨天登陆30年的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket as this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket since this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm relieved and very humble.
我松了一口气,很谦卑.
I'm relieved and very proud.
我松了一口气,很自豪.
I'm relieved and very thankful.
我松了一口气,非常感激.
I'm surprised and very humble.
我很惊讶,也很谦卑.
I'm relief and very humble.
我是松了一口气,很谦卑.
I'm happy and very humble.
我很快乐也很谦卑.
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进喜悦,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he throws in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后投向喜悦,他深深地陶醉了人们的欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he puts in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后装饰时浸泡着欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he forces in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后强迫他参加“优选”活动时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he tries in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后努力拼搏时,把欢呼声冲高了
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he comes in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后参加比赛时,沉浸在欢呼声中
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he sets in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后开始欣赏时,把他的欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he delivers in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后以优异的姿态演奏时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he blows in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后吹奏着欢呼声,这时他浸泡在欢呼声中
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he continues in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后继续演奏,他深深地陶醉了人们的欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he starts in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后开始表演时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he gives in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后以优异的姿态向观众欢呼,他也冲了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he finishes in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后完成喜悦时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he gets in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后进入选美赛时,冲淡了观众的欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he beats in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后击败了选手,这使他的欢呼声高涨起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he goes in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后参加喜庆活动时,把欢呼声冲高地吸了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he moves in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利之后的喜悦声中沉浸在欢呼声中
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he engages in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后参加喜庆活动时,把欢呼声冲高地吸了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he enters in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后进入喜悦状态时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he fills in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后充满喜悦时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he passes in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后通过喜剧时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he wins in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后赢得选美赛,他深深地陶醉在欢呼声中
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he takes in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后以优异的姿态接受观众的欢呼时,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he is in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利之后的喜悦中沉浸在欢呼声中
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he runs in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后参加比赛时,冲淡了观众的欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he does in Predilection after victory
迪托里像在胜利后的喜悦中那样,沉浸在欢呼声中
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Prodilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进警示,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Podilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给人们的欢呼声中浸泡了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Didilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带进迪迪布利的歌声中浸泡着欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Pdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给人们的欢呼声中浸泡着
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Condilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进康迪布利,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Sindilection after victory
迪多利在胜利后带进辛迪加,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Profdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给教授的欢呼声中沉浸了出来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Modedilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带入温和运动,这使他的欢呼声高涨起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Eldilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带进魔咒,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Adilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进《教义》,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Indilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带进内心深处的欢呼声中浸泡着
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Atdilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进敏捷的怀抱,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Redilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后重新点燃他的欢呼声时,把欢呼声冲高了
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Fandilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给凡多利的欢呼声中浸泡着
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Subdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带入忧伤的情绪时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Checkdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带进检查室时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Topdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给大家的欢呼声中浸泡了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Setdilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带入赛顿,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Ultradilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带进紫外线时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Slamdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给他满满的欢呼声时,把欢呼声吸了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Titledilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给大家的欢呼声中沉浸了出来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Formdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带进表格时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Specialdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带进特殊动作时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Idoldilection after victory
迪托利在胜利之后,在给他带来欢呼声的同时,也浸泡了所有的欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Formuladilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后加入方程式时,把欢呼声冲高了
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Performancedilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给表演者欢呼声中浸泡着
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Characterdilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后带给人们的欢呼声中浸泡了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers As he brings in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进喜悦,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次的冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Michael McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马士在跳越赛马比赛中达到了里程碑,他和退役的20次冠军迈克尔·麦科伊爵士(Sir Michael McCoy)在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Patrick McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马士在跳跃赛跑冠军理查德·约翰逊和退役20次冠军帕特里克·麦科伊爵士(Sir Patrick McCoy)中达到了里程碑式的成绩,麦科伊在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir John McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次的冠军约翰?麦科伊爵士(Sir John McCoy)已经取得了4300多场突破纪录的胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Martin McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次的冠军马丁?麦科伊爵士(Sir Martin McCoy)已经取得了4300多场突破纪录的胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Alan McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次的冠军麦科伊爵士(Sir Alan McCoy)已经取得了4300多场突破纪录的胜利。
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得分手,4次,493次生涯获奖
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 career winners
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得奖者,4次,493次职业得奖者
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 lifetime wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,九次得分手,4,493人
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 personal wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得分手,4次,493次个人取胜
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 Kentucky wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得分手,4次,493次在肯塔基州获胜
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 Arabian wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次德比胜出,4次,493次,阿拉伯人胜出
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的如此之少,这是不足为奇的。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprising he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最好的骑师之一,毫不奇怪,他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的如此之少。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this milestone so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经达到这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的如此之少,这是不足为奇的。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has attained this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经达到这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的很少。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has achieved this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经达到这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的很少。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have attained before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,而他已经达到他之前的那么少的地步,这是不足为奇的。
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又强壮,但是在称重室里,他和别人区别开来的是他的战术内涵。
He is stylish and strong, but it is he tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又强壮,但正是他在权重室里把他与别人区别开来。
He is stylish and strong, but it is him tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又强壮,但是称心室里让他与别人区别的却是他的战术内涵。
He is stylish and Strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他很时髦,很强壮,但是在称重室里,他和别人区别开来的是他的战术内涵。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for decades.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力几十年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for months.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力已经吸引球迷的比赛数月。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for weeks.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力已经吸引球迷运动几个星期了。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for long.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力一直吸引着球迷的比赛。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been attracting fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不只是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个赢家!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a night and big-race jockey !
几周前我在埃普森对弗兰基说,如果他不是一夜狂欢的骑手,他就会骑着6000个冠军!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a day and big-race jockey !
几周前我在埃普森对弗兰基说,如果他不是一天的超级赛马手,他就会骑着6000个冠军!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a Sunday and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不是星期天的超级赛马手,他就会骑着6000个冠军!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a Saturday and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不是星期六的超级赛车手,他就会骑着6000个冠军!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a training and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不是一名训练和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个冠军!
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,弗兰基在过去30年中,在英国的比赛中,他一直是赢家,这非常值得一看。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is wonderful to see.
说真的,弗兰基在过去30年中,在英国的比赛中,他一直是赢家,这真是太棒了。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is fantastic to see.
说真的,弗兰基在过去30年中,在英国的比赛中,他一直是赢家,这真是令人叹为观止。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is good to see.
说真的,弗兰基30年来在英国的比赛中一直是赢家,这很好看。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is awesome to see.
说真的,弗兰基在过去30年中,在英国的比赛中,他一直是冠军,这真是令人叹为观止。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is cool to see.
说真的,在英国,弗兰基在30年的比赛中一直是赢家,这很好看。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an amazing jockey.
他是一个活泼的人物,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是一个令人惊叹的骑师。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an fantastic jockey.
他性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是个很棒的骑手。
He's a lively character which is great for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他是一个活泼的人物,对英国赛车很有用,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
He's a lively character which is good for English racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他是一个活泼的人物,对英国赛车很有用,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多里用飞翔下山的商标庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the day with a trademark flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利在当天以飞翔下山的标志庆祝了这一天
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a signature flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利用一个签名飞行下山庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a distinctive flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利以一个与众不同的飞翔下山庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a famed flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利用著名的飞翔式登山庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a classic flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利用经典的飞翔式登山庆祝了这个里程碑
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞行终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for three decades.
从飞行的终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里已经是英国平板赛的海报男孩30年了。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for four decades.
从飞行的终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里是40年来英国平板赛跑的海报男孩。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for several decades.
从飞行的终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里几十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two centuries.
从飞行的终点到起飞的下山,弗兰基·迪托里一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩两个世纪。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decade.
从飞行的终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里已经成为英国平板赛事的海报男孩已有20年的历史。
It has been a rollercoaster ride.
那是一次过山车旅行.
It is been a rollercoaster ride.
那是一次过山车旅行.
It had been a rollercoaster ride.
那是一次过山车旅行.
It was been a rollercoaster ride.
那是一次过山车旅行.
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特在内的大批大赛冠军,但他也幸免于难,并服下了毒品禁令。
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1995'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1995年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特在内的大赛冠军的积木,但他也幸免于难,并服下了毒品禁令。
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1997'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1997年著名的“7号阿斯科特号巨星”在内的大赛冠军的积木,但他也幸免于难,并服下了禁药令。
Stacks of big-race winner, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
大赛冠军的积木,包括他著名的1996年“七星号”阿斯科特,但他也幸免于坠机,服了毒品禁令。
Stacks of big-race wins, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
他赢得了大赛的胜利,包括他1996年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特,但他也幸免于难,并服下了毒品禁令。
Stacks of big-race winning, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
赢得大赛的积木,包括他著名的1996年“七星”号阿斯科特,但他也幸免于难,服下了毒品禁令。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他起初挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Three years yesterday he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,当他刚从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他开始挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his form.
三年前,他刚从那六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时就挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到原来的状态。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable consistency of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他起初挣扎着,但是他表现出了强烈的性格一致性,以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable maturity of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,他刚从六个月的停业状态中恢复过来时就挣扎着,但是他表现出了惊人的成熟性,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable courage of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他起初挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格勇气去对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
And he may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
迪托里之前曾说过,他想继续比赛,至少要到50岁。
And he may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of fifty, at least.
迪托里以前曾说过,他想继续竞争,至少要到五十岁。
And he will not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
迪托里之前曾说过,他想继续比赛,至少要到50岁。
And he may not be done for some longer-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
迪托里以前曾说过,他想继续比赛,至少要到50岁。
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Boris Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长鲍里斯·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergey Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Putin Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长普京·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Denisov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·杰尼索夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of budget Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的麻袋预算总裁谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of corps Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯普京军团队长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔?普京(Vladimir Putin)出乎意料地解雇了他的幕僚长谢尔盖?伊万诺夫(Sergei Ivanov)。
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Denisov.
俄罗斯总统普京(Vladimir Putin)出乎意料地解雇了他的参谋长谢尔盖·杰尼索夫(Sergei Jeniscof)。
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Borisov.
俄罗斯总统普京(Vladimir Putin)意外解雇了他的幕僚长谢尔盖·鲍里索夫(Sergei Borisov)。
Russian President Boris Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统鲍里斯·普京意外地解除了他的参谋长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫的职务。
Russian President President Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统普京意外地解除了他的参谋长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫的职务。
Russian President Prime Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统普京出乎意料地解除了他的参谋长伊万诺夫的职务。
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
Mr Ivanov has was part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
Mr Ivanov has we part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫先生一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一员。
Mr Ivanov has served part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊万诺夫一直为普京所信赖的内圈服务。
Mr Ivanov has We part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫先生一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一员。
Mr Ivanov has said part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊万诺夫一直表示,普京是普京值得信赖的内圈成员之一。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special minister for environmental and transport issues.
这位63岁的女士现已被任命为环境和运输问题特别部长。
The 64-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 64 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
The 62-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 62 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
the 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
to 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 至 63 岁 的 人 担任 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
and 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
of 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 担任 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
in 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现年63岁,已被任命为负责环境及运输问题的特别代表。
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明说,普京“已经下令解除伊万诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但没有给出任何理由。
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as chief of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明称普京“下令解除伊凡诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但没有给出任何理由。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Konstantin Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手康斯坦丁·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Boris Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊凡诺夫先生的副手博里斯·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Vladimir Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手Vladimir Vaino被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Igor Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,Ivanov先生的副手Igor Vaino被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Ivan Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊凡诺夫的副手伊万·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 前 外交官 。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former ambassador.
瓦伊诺先生,44岁,前任大使。
Mr Vaino, 44, was a former diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 前 外交官 。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a retired diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 退休 外交官 。
Mrs Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
瓦伊诺夫人,44岁,前外交官。
Dr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
瓦伊诺博士,44岁,前外交官。
in Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
44岁的瓦伊诺是一名前外交官。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林,毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院(MMIMO ),在东京大使馆任职。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Japan embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林, 毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ),在日本大使馆任职.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Japanese embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林, 毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ),在日本大使馆工作.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he studied from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林,他就读于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院(MMIMO ),在东京大使馆任职。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he attended from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
他 于 1972年 出生 在 爱沙尼亚 首都 塔林, 曾 就读 于 莫斯科 国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ), 任职 于 东京大使馆 。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he studies from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
他 出生 于 1972年, 出生 在 爱沙尼亚 首都 塔林, 就读 于 著名 的 莫斯科 国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ), 任职 于 东京大使馆 。
Later he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 用俄语 ) 说,后来他管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Later she managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 用俄语 ) 说,后来她管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Later I managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 用俄语 ) 说,后来我管理了总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Later and managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
后来, 克里姆林宫网站 ( 用俄语 ) 说,并负责管理总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Later his managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 俄文 ) 说,后来他掌管着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Later him managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 用俄语 ) 说,后来他管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
被任命后, 他对普京说: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
On being appointed, he said Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
在被任命时, 他对普京说: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your confidence. "
被任命后, 他对普京说: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your respect. "
被任命后, 他对普京说: “ 谢谢你的尊敬. ”
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your faith. "
被任命后, 他对普京说: “ 谢谢你的信仰. ”
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your Trust. "
在被任命后, 他告诉普京: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as leader of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家领导人的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as chief of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as president of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家主席的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting rules and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草规则,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should succeed him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and suggested that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺代替他。
Do the smiles convince ?
微笑是否令人信服?
Do the grins convince ?
笑容能说服 吗?
Do the smiles persuade ?
微笑是否令人信服?
This is a move that has mystified Moscow.
此举使莫斯科神秘化。
This is a move that has mystified Russia.
此举使俄罗斯神秘化。
This is a move that has mystified Washington.
这是华盛顿神秘化的举动。
This is a move that has mystified Putin.
这一举动令普京迷惑不解。
This is a move that has mystified us.
这是一个使我们迷惑不解的举动。
This is a move that has mystified him.
这是使他迷惑不解的举动.
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是这个国家最有势力的人之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most power men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是这个国家权力最强的人之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the government.
作为幕僚长,他是政府中最有势力的人之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the army.
作为参谋长,他是军队中最有势力的人之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the national.
作为参谋长,他是全国最有势力的人之一。
in chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
在总参谋部,他是全国最有势力的人之一。
of chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
他是全国最有势力的人之一。
the chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
他是全国最有势力的人之一。
and chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
他是国内最有势力的人之一。
to chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
对参谋长来说,他是全国最有势力的人之一。
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was standing down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was acting down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求行事的。
In a meeting with President Putin held on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台会见普京总统时,两人声称,参谋长是应普京本人的要求下台的。
In a meeting with President Putin aired on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在与普京总统的会谈中,两人在国视中表示,参谋长是应普京本人的要求下台的。
In a meeting with President Putin taken on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
普京总统在接受国家电视台采访时,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求辞职的。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, none here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里没有人相信——特别是现在,在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-particularly now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑着,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是现在,就在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially today, just before parliamentary elections.
但是,尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在今天,也就是议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially still, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially suddenly, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在国会奄前的突然间。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just after parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是现在,议会选举刚刚结束。
So is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this the run-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的结果吗?
So is this the spring-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的爆发吗?
So is this the back-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的后退吗?
So is this the jump-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的跳跃吗?
So is this the break-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的突破吗?
No-one knows yet.
谁也不知道。
of-one knows yet.
一个人还不知道。
to-one knows yet.
到现在为止,你还不知道。
in-one knows yet.
) (我还不知道。
the-one knows yet.
” “我还不知道。
and-one knows yet.
还有——你还不知道。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policies-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental affairs-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境事务,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russian's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a possible president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经有人吹嘘自己是一位可能的总统,突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a prospective president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为未来总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是“麻烦”职位,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2013 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
伊万诺夫在克里姆林宫网站上对普京的讲话中说:“2013年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,甚至你也可以说4年的麻烦事。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零8个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and nine months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零9个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and seven months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零7个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eleven months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零11个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and six months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零6个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and twelve months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零12个月了。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.
伊万诺夫先生于2011年12月上任。
Mr Ivanov took up the position in December 2011.
伊万诺夫先生于2011年12月上任。
Mr Borisov took up the post in December 2011.
2011年12月,鲍里索夫先生上任。
Mr Denisov took up the post in December 2011.
2011年12月,杰尼索夫先生上任。
He served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他以前曾担任过副总理和国防部长.
He served formerly as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他以前曾担任副总理和国防部长.
He served previous as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他曾任副总理和国防部长.
and served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾任副总理兼国防部长。
the served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾担任过副总理和国防部长。
in served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾任副总理兼国防部长。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全部门的前成员,像普京先生。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state intelligence service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会成员,也是克格勃国家情报部门前成员,如普京。
and is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
曾任俄罗斯安全理事会成员,前克格勃国家安全部门成员,如普京先生。
the is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
他既是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
in is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
内是俄罗斯安全理事会成员和克格勃国家安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
of is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
曾任俄罗斯安全理事会成员,曾任克格勃国家安全局成员,如普京先生。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
1990年代末期,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was chief of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
上世纪90年代末,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin became head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
上世纪90年代末,当普京先生成为取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
When Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他把伊万诺夫列为他最信任的五个人之一。
When Mr Putin came to power, he listed Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台时,他把伊万诺夫列为他最信任的五个人之一。
When Mr Putin came to power, he appointed Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他任命伊万诺夫先生是他最信任的五个人之一。
When Mr Putin came to power, he chose Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他选择伊万诺夫作为他最信任的五个人之一。
When Mr Putin came to power, he mentioned Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台时,他提到伊万诺夫是他最信任的五个人之一。
When Mr Putin came to power, he cited Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他把伊万诺夫列为他最信任的五个人之一。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
It was once believed that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
It was once considered that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
曾经有人认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
It was once suspected that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
曾经有人怀疑,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
It was once hoped that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
曾经有人希望伊万诺夫在普京连任后成为俄罗斯总统,作为普京的第三任总统,是不符合宪法的。
It was once speculated that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
曾经有人猜测,伊万诺夫可能会在普京连任后成为俄罗斯总统,因为普京的第三届任期是违宪的。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友德米特里?梅德韦杰夫(Dmitry Medvedev)担任了这一职位。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Sergei Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友谢尔盖·梅德韦杰夫担任了这一职位。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Sergey Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友谢尔盖·梅德韦杰夫担任了这一职位。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Alexander Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友亚历山大·梅德韦杰夫担任了这一职位。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Igor Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友伊戈尔·梅德韦杰夫却占据了这个位置。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Boris Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友博里斯·梅德韦杰夫担任了这一职位。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当上了总理,仅三年半后。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the president just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在三年半后回到总统身边之前就当上了总理。
Mr Putin remained prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前一直担任总理,仅三年半后。
Mr Putin was prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京是总理,但在三年半后又回到总统任期。
Mr Putin served prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前担任总理,仅三年半后。
Mr Putin is prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京是总理,在三年半后回到总统任期之前。
Mystery as fish land in Banff garden
在班夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
Mystery as fish land in Banff lake
在班夫湖的鱼地神秘
Mystery as fish land in Banff pond
在班夫池塘里,神秘的鱼地
Mystery as fish land in Banff canal
班夫运河中的鱼地神秘
Mystery as Fish land in Banff garden
在班夫花园里神秘的鱼地
Mystery as fishes land in Banff garden
在班夫花园里,鱼在岸上,神秘的景象
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
A Ban Bonnie man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班邦妮男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Bain thinks the 50 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这50条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Bain thinks the 100 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这100条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Bain thinks the 1 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这1条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Bain thinks the million fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为,百万条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Bain thinks the one fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为,一条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼。
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在距海约500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hopes someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在距海约500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now connected to Fife
王后渡轮过桥:大桥现已接驳至法夫
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now linked to Fife
过马路:大桥已接驳到飞禽走兽
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now connecting to Fife
王后渡轮过桥:连结到飞禽走兽的桥
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now connects to Fife
过马路:大桥接驳到飞衣
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now links to Fife
过马路:大桥现在连接到飞禽走兽
Queensferry Crossing : bridge now connected to Fife
王后渡轮过桥:大桥现已接驳至法夫(Fife)
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be completed by May 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成
The £1. 35bn scheme is now due to be complete by May 2017
1350亿英镑的救助计划将于2017年5月完成
The £1. 35bn work is now due to be complete by May 2017
这1550亿英镑的工作将于2017年5月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by June 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年6月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by April 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年4月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by March 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年3月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by July 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年7月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by October 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年10月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by August 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年8月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by December 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年12月竣工
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by February 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年2月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2016
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2016年5月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2014
1350亿英镑的项目将于2014年5月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2015
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2015年5月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2018
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2018年5月完成
The £1. 35bn project is now expected to be complete by May 2017
这项价值1350亿英镑的项目预计将于2017年5月完成
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经加入了昆斯渡渡北甲板和高管意图桥现在连接到飞物。
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Bridge's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经加入了昆斯菲里桥北面的甲板和高管意图桥现在连接到菲夫。
Engineers have joined the Queensferry crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经加入了昆斯渡渡北甲板,高管桥现在连接到飞禽走兽。
Engineers have connected the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师已经连接了昆斯渡渡北甲板和高尔夫桥现在连接到菲夫。
Engineers have linked the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经连接了昆斯渡渡北甲板和高尔夫桥现在连接到菲夫。
Engineers have united the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经联合了昆斯渡渡北甲板和高尔夫桥现在连接到菲夫。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are currently nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,目前,该桥的三座塔的每个塔楼都接近完工。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are already nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,已经接近完工的桥的三座塔的每个。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are also nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是“甲板风扇”之间四个关闭的第一个,它们也接近完成桥的三座塔的每一个。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are both nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,它们都接近完成围绕桥的三座塔。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are being nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,正在接近完工的桥的三座塔。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重30, 000吨.
The bridge section from Fife is now 700 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长700米,重30, 000吨.
The bridge section from Fife is now 400 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长400米,重30 000吨。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and spans 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,跨度30, 000吨.
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and is 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段现在有600米长,有30 000吨长。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and stretches 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,绵延30, 000吨.
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 44 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及44条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 53 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及53条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 56 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及56条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 57 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及57条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 72 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及72条留置电缆。
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be completed by May 2017.
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成.
The £1. 35bn scheme is now due to be complete by May 2017.
1350亿英镑的救助计划将于2017年5月完成.
The £1. 35bn work is now due to be complete by May 2017.
目前,1350亿英镑的工作将于2017年5月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by June 2017.
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年6月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by March 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年3月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by April 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年4月竣工.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by July 2017.
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年7月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by October 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年10月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by August 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年8月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by February 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年2月竣工.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by December 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年12月竣工.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2016.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2016年5月完成.
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2018.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2018年5月竣工.
The £1. 35bn project is now scheduled to be complete by May 2017.
目前,计划于2017年5月完成的1350亿英镑的项目。
The £1. 35bn project is now expected to be complete by May 2017.
目前,预计将在2017年5月前完成1350亿英镑的项目。
Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地走向大桥。
Economy Secretary Ken Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长肯·布朗今天参观了这个网站,是第一个从陆地走向桥的人之一。
Economy Secretary Bruce Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长布鲁斯·布朗今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
Economy Secretary David Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长大卫·布朗今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
Economy Secretary Donald Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长唐纳德·布朗今天参观了这个网站,是第一个从陆地走向桥的人之一。
Economy Secretary Alan Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长艾伦·布朗今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
He said : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He said : " This is a historical and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He said : " This is a symbolic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的象征意义和象征意义的时刻. ”
He said : " This is a significant and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的重要和具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He said : " This is a iconic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是象征意义和象征意义的时刻,在昆斯弗里十字路口的建设中. ”
He said : " This is a landmark and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的标志性时刻. ”
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有超过3万吨的混凝土和钢铁仅仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel employed just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有超过3万吨的混凝土和钢铁仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel spent just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有3万多吨的混凝土和钢铁仅仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管大桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closing between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管大桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the connection between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的连接,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the sealing between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管大桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的密封是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the separation between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的分离,但是一个精密的操作,涉及非常精确的容差来配合。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the fitting between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管大桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的装配,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的容差来配合。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前将近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上被拆卸了。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all bridge deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的桥面已经准备好被提升到桥上的位置了。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all deck deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前将近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有甲板都已准备好在桥面上拆卸。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all concrete deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的混凝土甲板都已经准备好在桥上拆卸了。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all span deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是其混凝土的甲板在今天的罗西,这意味着所有的跨度甲板已经准备好被提升到桥上的位置了。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all aggregate deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前将近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板在罗西街投放混凝土,这意味着所有的甲板都已准备好在桥上拆卸。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?马丁(MichaelMartin)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
of Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
对马丁说,ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任说:"任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
and Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
和马丁,ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任说:"任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
in Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
在马丁,ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任说:"任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
the Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
马丁说,ForthCrossCrossBridgeProjectors项目主任说:"任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
to Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
对马丁说,ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
On this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
On this brilliant project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个辉煌的工程中, 关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
On this wonderful project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个奇妙的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
On this amazing project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个令人惊叹的工程中, 这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
On this remarkable project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个值得注意的工程中, 关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
On this superb project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个优秀的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanded North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装了最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expansion North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装最后一条路面并连接到扩建北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭北面或陆面的缺口。
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the extending North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装了最后一条路面并连接到北塔延伸的公路甲板后,我们不得不关闭北岸或陆岸的其余缺口。
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the widening North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装了最后一条路面并连接到正在扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the extended North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装最后一条路面并连接到北塔延伸的公路甲板后,我们不得不关闭北岸或陆岸的剩余缺口。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
这是通过将北面高管向南移动700毫米来完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 750 millimetres southwards.
这项工作是通过向南移动750毫米高架通道完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 800 millimetres southwards.
这是通过将北面高架通道向南移动800毫米来完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 900 millimetres southwards.
这是通过将北面高管900毫米向南移动来实现的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 600 millimetres southwards.
这是通过向南移动600毫米高架通道完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 500 millimetres southwards.
将北面高架通道南移500毫米就完成了这项工作。
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这 是 一 个 巨大 和 同时 非常 微妙 的 行动 。
This was a massive and, at the same time, extremely delicate operation.
这 是 一 个 巨大 的 、 同时 也 是 极其 微妙 的 行动 。
This was a massive and, at the same time, a delicate operation.
这 是 一 个 巨大 的 同时 也 是 一 个 微妙 的 行动 。
This was a huge and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这是一项巨大的同时非常精细的手术。
This was a vast and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这 是 一 个 巨大 和 同时 非常 微妙 的 操作 。
This was a major and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这 是 一 项 重大 的 行动, 同时 也 是 十分 微妙 的 行动 。
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米, 重约6000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, carries approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米, 运载量约6000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度.
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny-just a few millimetres either way.
精细,因为团队工作的公差很小,只是几毫米左右。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny-just a few millimetres each way.
精细,因为团队工作的公差很小-只是几毫米每一方。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working at were tiny-just a few millimetres either way.
精细,因为团队工作的公差很小,只是几毫米左右。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working into were tiny-just a few millimetres either way.
精细的,因为团队正在工作的公差很小,只是几毫米左右。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working with were tiny-just a few millimetres either way.
精细,因为团队的工作空间很小,只是几毫米左右。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working within were tiny-just a few millimetres either way.
精细,因为团队内部工作的公差很小,只是几毫米左右。
Happily, it all went very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展顺利。
Happily, it All went very well.
很高兴,一切顺利。
Happily, it all goes very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都很顺利。
Happily, it all going very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都很顺利。
Happily, it all gone very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展得很好。
Simone Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯在女子体操中指着金子
The Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
壁虎在女子体操中指着全身的金子
the Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
在女子体操中,比勒斯的指甲是全方位的金
Simone Biles says all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比莱斯说,女子体操全能的金牌
Simone Biles meets all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯在女子体操中遇到过全方位的金牌
Simone Biles Student all-around gold in women's gymnastics
Simone Biles 学生-女子体操全能金
Forget the pressure.
忘记压力吧。
and the pressure.
和压力。
to the pressure.
对压力。
the the pressure.
压力。
of the pressure.
压力。
Forget the hype.
忘掉那喧嚣吧。
and the hype.
以及大肆宣传。
the the hype.
轰动一时。
of the hype.
大肆宣传。
Simone Biles is immune to all of it.
西蒙娜·比勒斯对这一切免疫力很强.
She Biles is immune to all of it.
她比勒斯对这一切无动于衷.
I Biles is immune to all of it.
我比勒斯对这一切没有免疫力.
The Biles is immune to all of it.
比勒斯人对这一切都没有免疫力.
and Biles is immune to all of it.
并且比勒斯对这一切都是免疫的。
of Biles is immune to all of it.
比勒斯对这一切都有免疫力。
Jaw-dropping on floor.
倒在地上。
Jaw-falling on floor.
摔倒在地上。
Jaw-down on floor.
在地板上。
Jaw-drop on floor.
把Jaw-down放在地上。
And now, finally, an Olympic champion.
现在, 终于, 一名奥运冠军了.
And now, finally, an Olympic Champion.
现在, 终于, 奥运会冠军了.
And now, finally, a Olympic champion.
现在, 终于, 一名奥运冠军了.
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
现在, 终于, 奥运会冠军了.
And now, finally, an Olympics champion.
现在,最后,一位奥运冠军。
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
周四,这位19岁的美国体操运动员夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between her and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
周四,这位19岁的美国体操运动员夺得全方位的称号,在奥运的聚光灯下,将她与世界其他国家的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between hers and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
现年19岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,将她与世界其他国家的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display in the Olympic spotlight.
现年19岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下充分展示了自己与世界其他国家的差距。
The 18-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
18岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 20-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
20岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员艾莉·雷斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly ofsman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员阿利·奥曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly asman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员阿利·阿斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly thesman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队友阿利萨曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Friday.
周五在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Wednesday.
周三在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Monday.
周一在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Simone Biles appears on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛上,美国西蒙·比勒斯出现在平衡的光束上。
United States'Simone Biles demonstrates on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛上,美国西蒙·比勒斯展示了平衡的光束。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
碧蕾斯成为第四位获得全能冠军的美国直线女性,也成为第五位整体冠军,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and possibly ever.
碧蕾斯成为第四位获得全能冠军的美国直线女性,也成为了第五大全能冠军,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and arguably ever.
碧蕾斯成为第四位获得全能冠军的美国直线女性,也成为第五位女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最优秀的、可以说是有史以来最优秀的名声。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and Perhaps ever.
比莱斯成为美国第四位获得全能冠军的直线女性,也成为第五位女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最优秀的名声,或许是有史以来最优秀的名声。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while securinging her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
Biles成为获得全能冠军的第四位美国直线女性,在整体上也成为第五位女性,同时也赢得了她这一代人最好甚至有史以来最好的声誉。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while sealinging her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
碧蕾斯成为美国第四位获得全能冠军的直线女性,也成为了第五位女性,同时也印下了她这一代人中最优秀的名声,或许是有史以来最优秀的名声。
She burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的总数被公布后,她突然哭了起来,她的长途跋涉也结束了。
She burst into tears when her final total was announced and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的总数被宣布时,她的泪流满面,她的长途跋涉也结束了。
She burst into tears when her final totals was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的总数公布后,她的长途跋涉就结束了,她突然哭了起来。
She burst into tears when her final tally was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她的最后一次计票被公布,她的长途旅行结束,她爆发出眼泪。
She burst into tears when her final amount was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的金额被公布,她的长途跋涉结束的时候,她突然哭了起来。
She burst into tears when her final count was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的数字公布后,她的长途跋涉就结束了,她突然哭了起来。
The achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提升到了新的高度。
The achievement puts her in the same class as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动带到了一个新高度。
The achievement puts her in the same club as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人一度的运动员将自己的运动带到了一个新高度。
The achievement puts her in the same division as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提升到新的高度。
The achievement puts her in the same group as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动带到了一个新高度。
The achievement puts her in the same level as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人一度的运动员将自己的运动提升到新的高度。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion American Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军美国选手LouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion junior Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军低年级的LouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion champion Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军LouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion teammate Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军队友LouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion veteran Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军老将LouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如 说 是 她 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞争 。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a race not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞赛 并不 如此, 而是 自己 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞赛 。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the responsibility of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如 说 是 她 和 期望 过高 的 责任 之间 的 竞争 。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the squad but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在巴西,最后一次的考验不是比勒斯和球队其他队员之间的一场比赛,而是她和超大期望的负担之间的一场比赛。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the team but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在巴西,最后一次的考验不是比莱斯和团队的其他成员之间的竞争,而是她自己和超大期望的负担之间的竞争。
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到在得克萨斯州斯普林的家里,任何事情都会让人失望。
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Springs, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到她家位于德州斯普林斯的家中,任何事情都会让人失望。
Anything more than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
除了带着一拳金子回到在德州斯普林的家里之外,任何其它事情都会让人失望。
Anything worse than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
比带着一拳金子回到德州斯普林的家里更糟糕的事情会让人失望。
Anything better than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
没有什么比带着一拳金子回到她家位于德州斯普林的家里更好的了,那会让人失望。
Anything Less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
除了带着一拳金子回到在德州斯普林的家里之外,任何事情都只能让人失望。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时作为国家队协调员Martha Karolyi离队的感叹号。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Laura Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时也是国家队协调员Laura Karolyi离队的感叹号。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Linda Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时作为退休的国家工作队协调员Linda Karolyi的离任派对的感叹点。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Helen Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时他作为即将退休的国家工作队协调员Helen Karolyi的离队派对的感叹点。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Sara Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时也是国家队协调员Sara Karolyi离队的感叹号。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Brenda Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,而作为国家队协调员Brenda Karolyi即将离队的感叹点。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——被设置为拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music which would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——被设置为拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music those would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——是拉丁音乐,这些音乐适合在位于里约热内卢奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music music would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——是拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music songs would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——设置在拉丁音乐歌曲的家里,就在里约奥运场外的街道上合适。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her trademark tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她标志性的翻滚曲子——被设置为拉丁音乐,适合在位于里约奥运场外的街道上。
It's not a coincidence.
这不是巧合。
it's not a coincidence.
这不是巧合。
I's not a coincidence.
我不是巧合。
the's not a coincidence.
这不是巧合。
in's not a coincidence.
这并不是巧合。
to's not a coincidence.
这并不是巧合。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a leading streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,这场领先竞争应该持续多久,只要Biles愿意。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the spring of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年春以来,她还没有失去一场全面的竞争,这场竞争应该持续到比莱斯希望它持续的时间。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that will go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就能够持续多久。
and hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
并且自2013年夏季以来没有失去一场全面的竞争,这场竞争应该持续多久,只要Biles愿意。
the hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,这场全方位的比赛并没有失去,只要Biles希望,这场比赛就应该持续多久。
of hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
in hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,他还没有失去一场全面的竞争,只要Biles愿意,他就会赢得一连串的比赛。
to hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
a hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,一场全面竞争并没有失去,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯卫冕世界冠军的地方,等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world title-lay in wait.
平衡梁和地板运动——在比勒斯是卫冕世界的地方,在等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world medalist-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯的卫冕世界奖牌手的旁边,等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world qualifier-lay in wait.
平衡梁和地板锻炼——Biles是守门世界的限定词——在等待。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world medal-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——比勒斯是守门人,等待着奖牌的盖印。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world final-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的锻炼——Biles是守门世界的最后一环,等待着。
She went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她带着15.433的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上15.933的光束。
in went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
回到前面,用15. 433的光束,然后在地板上盖上15. 933的光束。
of went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“”“
and went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
然后带着15. 433的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上15. 933的光束。
a went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
the went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
回到前面,用一束15. 433的光束,然后在地板上盖上一层15. 933的光束。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼在等待最后的评分时温和地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当Biles闪烁的红、白和蓝眼线时,她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实,泪水涌现。
Raisman hugged her gently as they waited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼温柔地拥抱着她,等待最后的成绩——只是一种形式——当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,Biles闪烁的红白蓝眼睛线周围出现了泪水。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner as the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼在等待最后的评分时温柔地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当她曾经在剪贴簿上写下的愿景变成现实时,比莱斯闪烁的红、白和蓝眼线周围出现了泪水。
insman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
当他们等待最后的评分时,内斯曼温和地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当Biles闪烁的红、白和蓝色眼线时,当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的视觉变成现实时,泪水就涌了出来。
tosman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
托斯曼温和地拥抱着她,等待最后的成绩——只是一种形式——当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,Biles闪烁着的红白蓝眼睛线周围出现了泪水。
thesman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
当他们等待最后的评分时,他温柔地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当Biles的闪光般的红、白、蓝眼睛线变成现实时,她泪水涌上了她的眼帘。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Atafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了阿塔菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Uafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了乌菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Moafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打了三局,但输给了莫阿菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Noafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打了三局,但输给了诺阿菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Muafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆阿菲娜的铜牌。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,这位22岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
This time, the 23-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,这位23岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
This time, the 21-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,21岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
This time, the 24-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,24岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the locals call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,22岁的队长被当地人称为“外婆”。
This time, the 22-age-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,这位22岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的又回来的曲折打倒了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in question.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了吻,被一次有时似乎令人怀疑的又回来击败了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after the floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在地板运动之后,她向人群吹了吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的又回来击败了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after their floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在人群的地板运动之后,她向人群吹了吻,被一次有时显得疑惑的又回来击败了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after a floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的再来击败了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after his floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在他做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,被一次有时似乎令人怀疑的又回来击败了。
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now has a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now brings a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在带来了全新的意义:
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now adds a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候发来的病毒性推特现在增加了一个全新的意义:
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now twists a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在扭转了一个全新的意义:
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now flashes a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候发来的病毒性推特现在闪现了一个全新的意思:
Mahaj Brown, 6, " riddled with bullets, " survives Philadelphia shooting
马哈吉·布朗,6岁,“满是子弹”,在费城的枪战中幸存下来
Mahaj Brown, 6, " riddled with bullets, " survives Philadelphia shooter
马哈吉·布朗,6岁,“满身是子弹”,在费城射手的身影中幸存下来
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, leading the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这周在市内第二起6岁男童被枪杀。
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, causing the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这周在城内第二起6岁男童被枪杀。
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, killing the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,本周该市第二起6岁男童被枪杀。
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, including the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童中弹,包括本周在市内发生的第二起6岁男童中弹。
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, shooting the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,本周该市第二起6岁男童被枪杀。
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的外祖父母称他为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的Mahaj Brown。
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Pennsylvania as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的祖父母认出他是宾夕法尼亚哥伦比亚广播公司的Mahaj Brown。
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,布朗在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位遭受多处枪伤,但在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandparents say he suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,他多次受枪伤,包括腹股沟、腿部、胳膊和腹部受伤,但被送往医院时醒了。
The grandparents say the suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,他多次受枪伤,包括腹股沟、腿部、胳膊和腹部受伤,但在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandparents say B suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,B多次受枪伤,包括腹股沟、腿部、胳膊和腹部受伤,但被送往医院时醒了。
The grandparents say He suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,他多次受枪伤,包括腹股沟、腿部、胳膊和腹部受伤,但被送往医院时醒了。
The grandparents say and suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说并多次受枪伤,包括腹股沟、腿部、胳膊和腹部受伤,但被送往医院时醒了。
" He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯的祖母对车站说:“他拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Elendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·埃伦德斯的祖母对车站说:“他拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just took a shot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
“他刚打了一枪,他那小身子上满是子弹,”他祖母德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说。
" He just took a bullet, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
“他刚吃了一颗子弹,他那小身子上满是子弹,”他祖母德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病情危急,已经接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical state at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩被列在医院的危急状态,并经历了几次手术。
The boy is listed in critical care at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩被列在医院的紧急护理中,并接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical health at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院得了重病,并接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical coma at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院处于严重昏迷状态,并经历了数次手术。
The child is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
儿童在医院中被列为危重状况,并已接受了数次手术。
Family tells the station he is expected to recover.
家人告诉车站,他有望康复.
Family tells the hospital he is expected to recover.
家人告诉医院,他有望痊愈。
Family believes the station he is expected to recover.
家人相信,他有望恢复站位。
Family shoots the station he is expected to recover.
家人射杀他有望康复的车站.
Family suggests the station he is expected to recover.
家人建议他修复车站。
He was set to start first grade at a local elementary school.
他准备在当地一所小学读一年级.
He was scheduled to start first grade at a local elementary school.
他计划在当地一所小学读一年级.
He was due to start first grade at a local elementary school.
他预定在当地一所小学读一年级.
He was supposed to start first grade at a local elementary school.
他应该从一所当地的小学开始读一年级.
He was planned to start first grade at a local elementary school.
他计划在当地一所小学读一年级.
He was planning to start first grade at a local elementary school.
他正计划在当地一所小学读一年级.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
布朗是德国城区四人中被射杀的其中之一。
Brown was among four people killed in the Germantown section.
布朗是德国城区四人死亡者之一。
the was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
这是在德国城区被枪杀的四人之一。
and was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
在德国城区被枪杀的四人中,有一人被枪杀。
to was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
在德国城区被枪杀的四人之一。
in was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
在德国城区被枪杀的四人之一。
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人32岁。
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 31-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人31岁。
Also shot were three men : two 28-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人28岁,1人32岁。
Also shot were three men : two 31-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3名男子也遭枪击,其中2人31岁,1人32岁。
Also shot were three men : two 34-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3名男子也遭枪击,其中2人34岁,1人32岁。
Also shot were three men : two 38-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3名男子也遭枪击,其中2人38岁,1人32岁。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,其中一名29岁的男子处于危难状态;另外两名受害者处于稳定状态。
a of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,这名29岁的男子中有一名病危,另外两名受害者病情稳定。
the of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司(CBS Federia)报道,29岁男子的病情严重,其他两名受害者病情稳定。
to of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司(CBS Federia)报道,29岁男子的病情严重,其他两名受害者病情稳定。
of of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据CBS费城报道,在29岁的男子中,据报他们处于危难状态;另外两名受害者则处于稳定状态。
and of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司(CBS Federia)报道,29岁的男性处于危难状态;另外两名受害者状况稳定。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名孩子被发现与29岁的男孩一起在汽车前座被击中,伤势严重。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in serious condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名孩子被发现与29岁的孩子一起在汽车前座被击中,伤势严重。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 31-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名31岁的孩子被发现在汽车前座被射中,身患重症。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 23-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名23岁的孩子被发现在汽车前座被射中,身患重症。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 19-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名孩子被发现与19岁的孩子一起在汽车前座被击中,伤势严重。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 18-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名18岁的孩子被发现在汽车前座被射中,身患重症。
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
另外两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The other three victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其他三名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The remaining two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其余两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The others two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其他两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The injured two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
受伤的两名受害者没有在车内,警察正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it seems there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it remains there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,仍然有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it indicates there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,这说明枪手之间发生了交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it suggests there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,这暗示了多枪手之间的交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it says there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司说,有多个枪手交火。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,可追溯到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to various assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击式武器弹壳,追踪各种攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapon, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,追踪到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different Assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击武器式的外壳,追踪到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, matched to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击式武器弹壳,配合不同攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, evidence to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击式武器弹壳,证据不同攻击式武器,丢弃现场。
It appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来,这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
It seems that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来这绝对是一场持续不断的战斗。
It is that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
这绝对是一场持续不断的战斗。
It suggests that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
这表明,这绝对是一场持续不断的战斗。
It indicates that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
这表明,这绝对是一场持续不断的战斗。
It appears that it was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来,这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
There were casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁都有套管。
There were casings in the sidewalk, on both sides of the sidewalk.
人行道两侧都有套管。
There were casings in the alley, on both sides of the sidewalk.
人行道两侧的小巷里都有套管。
There were casings in the street, on all sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁都有套管。
There were casings in the street, on the sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁有套管。
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的安东尼·基纳尔迪上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Pizzaldi told the station.
费城警方的Anthony Pizsldi上尉告诉车站说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Mialdi told the station.
费城警方的AnthonyMialdi上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Beccaldi told the station.
费城警方上尉安东尼·贝卡尔迪对警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Patrick Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方队长帕特里克·基纳尔迪告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Joseph Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方队长约瑟夫·基纳尔迪告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该地区的多所房屋和车辆也遭到袭击。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the areas were also struck.
这些 地区 的 许多 房屋 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also impacted.
该地区的多处房屋和车辆也受到影响。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also affected.
该地区的多所房屋和车辆也受到影响。
Several houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该 地区 的 几 所 房屋 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
several houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该 地区 的 几 所 房屋 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
据报没有逮捕任何人,警察正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are allegedly reviewing surveillance video.
据称,没有逮捕任何人,警察正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are also reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,警察也正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are still reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,警察仍在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are be reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,警方正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are further reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,警方正在进一步审查监视录像。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the South Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在南橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Park Lane neighborhood.
周二,在西公园街附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oaks Lane neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Avenue neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树大道附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Park neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树公园附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
She is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在搜寻嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are now searching for a suspect.
她正在康复, 警方正在搜捕嫌疑犯.
She is recovering, and police are still investigating for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在调查嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are still looking for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在寻找嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are still digging for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在搜寻嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are still search for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在搜捕嫌疑犯。
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么我们需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
Why we want Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么我们要Simone、Gabby和Laurie?
Why we have Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么我们有Simone、Gabby和Laurie?
Why we call Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么我们叫Simone、Gabby和Laurie?
and we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
我们需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
to we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
我们需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1984年起参加过历届夏季奥运会,而美国从未如此地占据主导地位。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominating.
首先,我从1984年起参加过历届夏季奥运会,而美国从未如此雄心勃勃。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominated.
首先,我从1984年起参加过历届夏季奥运会,美国也从未如此受控。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这个小组有三名体操运动员,SimoneBiles,GabbyDouglas和Lauren“Laurie”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多年轻的有色女孩。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Whitney Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支球队有三名体操运动员,惠特尼·比莱斯、加比·道格拉斯和劳伦·劳里·赫南德斯。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Marion Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支球队有三名体操运动员,玛丽恩·比莱斯、加比·道格拉斯和劳伦·劳里·埃尔南德斯,她们一直激励着这么多有色人种的女孩。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Nicole Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这个小组有三名体操运动员,妮可·比莱斯、加比·道格拉斯和劳伦·劳里·埃尔南德斯,她们一直激励着这么多有色人种的女孩。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Carolina Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支球队有三名体操运动员,卡罗琳娜·比莱斯、加比·道格拉斯和劳伦·劳里·埃尔南德斯。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Miles Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这个小组有三名体操运动员,MilesBiles,GabbyDouglas和Lauren“劳里”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多年轻有色女孩。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔Aly Raisman和天主教徒Madison Kocian击败了这支队伍。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Rasman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔的阿拉斯曼和天主教的麦迪逊·科西安击败了这支队伍。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Basman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔的阿里·巴斯曼和天主教的麦迪逊·科西安击败了这支球队,这支球队的阵容正让所有人为之骄傲。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Lisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔的阿里·利斯曼和天主教的麦迪逊·科西安击败了这支球队,这使每个人都感到自豪。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Susman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔的Aly Susman和天主教的Madison Kocian击败了这支队伍,这使每个人都感到自豪。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Weisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔阿里·维斯曼和天主教徒麦迪逊·科西安击败了这支球队,这支球队的阵容正让所有人为之骄傲。
This team looks, finally, like America.
最后,这支球队看起来像美国。
This team looks, finally, like Canada.
最后,这支球队看上去像加拿大。
the team looks, finally, like America.
最后,这支球队看上去像美国。
a team looks, finally, like America.
最后,一个团队看上去像美国。
and team looks, finally, like America.
最后,球队和球队看起来都像美国。
of team looks, finally, like America.
最终,球队的外观,像美国一样。
It also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动顶端的存在。
It also has firmified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还使黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的顶端站稳脚跟。
It also has cementified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还凝聚了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动中的最高地位。
It also has establishified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还使黑人和拉丁裔女性进入了这项运动的顶层。
It also has firmlyified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它也坚定了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的顶端。
It now has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
现在,它凝聚了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的巅峰。
For the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,女体操运动员中排名第一的是非裔美国人。
For the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-colored.
在过去四年里,女体操运动员中头号是非洲颜色的。
For the past four years, the top one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,顶级女子体操运动员是非裔美国人。
For the past four years, the leading one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去的四年里,一位领先的女性体操运动员是非裔美国人。
For the past four years, the best one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,最好的女体操运动员是非洲裔美国人。
For the past four years, the ranked one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,一名女性体操运动员是非裔美国人。
Last year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
去年, 西蒙娜和加比被评为1号和2号.
Last year, Mel and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
去年, 梅尔和加比是 # 1 和 # 2.
Last year, We and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
去年, 我们和加比是 # 1 和 # 2.
Last year, to and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
去年,加比和加比分别是1号和2号。
Last year, she and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
去年,她和加比分别是1号和2号。
Last year, they and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
去年, 他们和加比分别是 # 1 和 # 2.
This is powerful.
这很有势力。
This is strong.
这很强大。
the is powerful.
力量是强大的。
and is powerful.
并且强大。
to is powerful.
强大。
of is powerful.
是强大的。
in is powerful.
在里面是强大的。
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
上届奥运会上, 道格拉斯是一位令人惊讶的奥运冠军, 美国也为此欢呼.
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic Champion, and America cheered.
上届奥运会上, 道格拉斯是一位令人惊讶的奥运冠军, 美国欢呼起来.
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and Americans cheered.
上届奥运会, 道格拉斯是一位令人惊讶的奥运冠军, 美国人欢呼起来.
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and I cheered.
上届奥运会,加比·道格拉斯出乎意料地成为了奥运冠军,我为此欢呼。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernández delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·埃尔南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Lori Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和洛里·埃尔南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们表演了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Debbie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和黛比·埃尔南德斯的令人难以置信的表演。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Joanne Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和乔安妮·埃尔南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料的、但又精湛的体操。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Alison Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和艾莉森·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周四,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On Friday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
上周五,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四位美国选手。
On Wednesday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周三,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On Monday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周一,西蒙娜成为了在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四位美国选手。
On the, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
在比赛中,Simone成为了在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On that, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
就此,Simone成为了在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
And teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
队友阿里·雷斯曼赢得了银牌。
And teammate Aly ofsman earned silver.
队友阿利·奥斯曼赢得了银牌。
And teammate Aly withsman earned silver.
队友艾莉和斯曼赢得了银牌。
And teammates Aly Raisman earned silver.
队友阿里·雷斯曼赢得了银牌。
And medalist Aly Raisman earned silver.
奖牌获得者阿里·雷斯曼赢得了银牌.
And relay Aly Raisman earned silver.
阿里·莱斯曼接力赢得了银牌。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但它不像在全国性的体操课上。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics championships across the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但它不像这样的体操锦标赛遍布全国。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都走上了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的道路,组成了奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Kristen to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都走上了与阿里和克里斯汀相同的道路,组成了奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Taylor to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都走上了与阿里和泰勒相同的道路,组成了奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Alex to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜,加比和劳里都选择了与阿里和亚历克斯相同的途径组成奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Laura to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都走上了与艾莉和劳拉相同的道路,组成了奥运队。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same pathway as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都选择了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的途径组成奥林匹克队。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部大多数位于富裕的郊区,可以支持企业。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are found in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部大多数都分布在富裕的郊区,可以支持这项业务。
to of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部位于城市郊区的富裕社区,可以支持企业。
the of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部分布在富裕的郊区,可以支持商业。
in of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
在这些体操俱乐部中,位于能支持商业的富裕的郊区社区。
of of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
在这些体操俱乐部中,有的位于能支持商业的富裕的郊区社区。
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员获得所有训练的地方,这是对体操运动员家庭的一个代价高昂的长期承诺。
These club are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员获得所有训练的地方,这是对体操运动员家庭的一个代价高昂的长期承诺。
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment to the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员获得所有训练的地方,这是对体操运动员家庭的一个代价高昂的长期承诺。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
伯曼(Aimee Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的主教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Cindy Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练Aimee Boorman和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练Cindy Haney自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Sarah Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练Aimee Boorman和劳里·赫南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练萨拉·哈尼(Sarah Haney)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Amy Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练Aimee Boorman和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练Amy Haney自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Cathy Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练Aimee Boorman和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练Cathy Haney自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Laura Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
自Simone Biles的教练Aimee Boorman和劳里·埃尔南德斯的教练Laura Haney自他们开始体操以来都指导了他们的运动员。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
我们必须为无数受Simone、Gabby和Laurie激励的年轻女子社区提供更廉价、更方便的体操培训。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Nicole, Gabby and Laurie.
我们必须为无数受妮可、加比和劳里启发的年轻女孩提供更廉价和方便的体操培训。
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
20年前,我创建了体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years back.
我20年前就建立了体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years yesterday.
昨天我创办了20年的体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics fund 20 years ago.
20年前,我创办了体操基金。
I founded my gymnastics Foundation 20 years ago.
20年前,我创建了体操基金会。
I founded the gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
我20年前创建了体操基础.
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( predominantly black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and of-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的免费和低成本体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and a-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的免费和昂贵的体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national level international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了国家一级的国际冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national champion international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了国家冠军国际冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national national international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国的国际冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national senior international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了国家高级国际冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national champions international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了国家冠军国际冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national youth international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了全国青年国际冠军。
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youths that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the students that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些理应有机会学习和受益于这一伟大的奥林匹克运动会的学生提供高质量的体操.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the Youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为年轻人提供高质量的体操,他们应该有机会学习和受益于这次伟大的奥林匹克运动会。
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this Great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大的奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、灵活性和协调性。
Gymnastics develops strength, coordination and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、协调和协调。
Gymnastics develops strength, strength and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、力量和协调。
Gymnastics promotes strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操对身体和努力工作、纪律和决心都具有促进力量、灵活性和协调性。
Gymnastics emphasizes strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操强调身体的力量、灵活性和协调性,强调努力工作、纪律和决心。
Gymnastics teaches strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操教身体的力量,灵活性和协调性,努力工作,纪律和决心心。
This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为身体健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的好处。
This combination provides life-long benefits to good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为身体健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的好处。
This combination provides life-long benefits of good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终生的好处。
the combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终生的好处。
and combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
和组合为健康、学业成功和工作成功提供终生的好处。
in combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
综合起来,为身体健康、学业成功和工作成功提供终身的帮助。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
正是这支队伍的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女孩送去参加体操,这真是太棒了。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is wonderful.
正是这支球队的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女子送去参加体操,真是太棒了。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is amazing.
正是这支球队的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女子送去参加体操,这真令人惊叹。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is everything.
正是这个团队的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女孩送去参加体操,这就是一切。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send millions of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
正是这支队伍的灵感,才把数百万年轻女子送去参加体操,这真是太棒了。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send many of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
正是这支队伍的灵感,才使得许多年轻女孩去参加体操,这非常棒。
To participate in sport is so important, especially for girls.
参加体育运动非常重要,特别是对女孩来说。
To participate in sport is so essential, especially for girls.
参加体育运动非常重要,特别是对于女孩来说。
To participation in sport is so important, especially for girls.
参加体育运动非常重要,特别是对于女孩来说。
This is such an exciting time.
这真是一个激动人心的时刻。
This is such an exciting moment.
这真是一个激动人心的时刻。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gabby和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多来自不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Kristen for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gabby和Kristen,感谢他们认真展示了“女孩的力量”,赢得了奥运队的金牌,激励了来自各种背景的许多年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Lauren for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gabby和Lauren,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多来自不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Brittany for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gabby和Britany,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子开始成为健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Ashley for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gabby和Ashley,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路,展现了“女孩的力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Chelsea for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
感谢西蒙娜、艾莉、劳里、加比和切尔西,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子开始成为健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子而展现的“女孩力量”。
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jonathan Hunt's proposal
青年医生拒绝了乔纳森·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Paul Hunt's proposal
青少年医生拒绝了保罗·亨特的建议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting David Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了戴维·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Peter Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了彼得·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Steve Hunt's proposal
青年医生拒绝了史蒂夫·亨特的提议,准备进一步罢工
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 57 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有57%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 59 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有59%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 56 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有56%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 53 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有53%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 51 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有51%的人拒绝了这一协议。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
7月,亨特透露了强制签订这份合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract claiming the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
7月,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,声称国民保健服务处在"无人之地",任何进一步拖延都将对工作人员和病人造成伤害。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract stating the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
7月,亨特透露了强制签定NHS位于“无人之地”的合同的计划,任何进一步拖延都将损害员工和病人。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to provide care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内提供护理。
The new junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
新来的初级医生将签下新合同,包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to night and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to afternoon and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变下午和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to evening and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变晚上和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席艾伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Ann McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席安·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Anne McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席安妮·麦考特医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Helen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席海伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Mary McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席MaryMcCourter医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Anna McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席安娜·麦考特医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,而且它不能公正地对待所有的医生。”
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running up.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,需要取得进展,时间也快到了。
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running down.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,因此需要取得进展,时间也正在缩短。
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running in.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,因此需要取得进展,时间也正在流逝。
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress has to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,必须取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress is to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,进展即将完成,时间已经不多了。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
军事事务局努力通过会谈解决争端,但遭到政府不愿介入,有时还发出震耳欲聋的沉默。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute via talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
军事事务局努力通过会谈解决争端,但遭到政府不愿介入,有时还发出震耳欲聋的沉默。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last week that his door is always open.
尽管上周Jeremy Hunt曾承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last February that his door is always open.
尽管去年2月Jeremy Hunt曾承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last year that his door is always open.
尽管去年Jeremy Hunt刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last Christmas that his door is always open.
尽管去年圣诞节杰里米·亨特曾承诺,他总是开门。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last months that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt最近几个月刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
" Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特现在需要行动起来, 解除这种强加于人的做法,向低级医生表示担忧. ”
" Jeremy Hunt has to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特现在必须行动起来, 解除这种强加于人的做法,向低级医生表示担忧. ”
" Jeremy Hunt wants to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特想立刻行动起来, 解除这种强加于人的做法,向小医生们表示担忧. ”
" Jeremy Hunt is to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特将立即行动起来, 解除这种强加于人的做法,并解决小医生们的担忧 ”.
" Jeremy Hunt needs to action now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特现在需要行动起来, 解除这种强加于人的做法,向初级医生 ” 表示担忧.
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are ready to take further industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are liable to take further industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们可能会采取进一步的工业行动。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further union action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的结合行动。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further trade action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的贸易行动。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further collective action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的集体行动。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and specialists were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并征集了100 000名护士和专家,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers had planned to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们已计划与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,以结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers had expected to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾期望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be part of the contract.
英国医管局希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,他们将成为合同的一部分。
The BMA wants better afternoon pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
BMA希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的下午工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
The BMA wants better evening pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
医管局希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的夜薪,这些医生是合同的主体。
The BMA wants better night pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
BMA希望,5万4千名初级医生的夜间报酬会更好,他们将接受合同的约束。
The BMA wants better holiday pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
医管局希望,5万4千名受合约约束的初级医生得到更高的假日工资。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Fisher, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔?费舍尔(Daniel Fisher)呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Fletcher, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔弗莱彻(DanielFletcher)呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Powell, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主公司首席执行官丹尼尔?鲍威尔(Daniel Powell)呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Newman, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔?纽曼(Daniel Newman)呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Adams, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔?亚当斯(Daniel Adams)呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Mr Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:“工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。”
and Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、照顾者及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
to Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
给莫蒂默说:"工业行动很少或没有成果,但是给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、照顾者及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
a Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动不会取得什么成果,也不会取得什么成果,而是给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
of Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动几乎无所作为,但给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、照顾者及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
in Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动几乎或完全没有结果,但是给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
Over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last three months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去三个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last two months we have been speaking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last two months we have been meeting with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会会晤,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last two months we have been working with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会合作,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last two months we have been meetings with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月中,我们与初级医生委员会举行了会议,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应了他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, mobility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训中的流动性、为那些从职业生涯中断中返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,能够表明雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other critical topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other relevant topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他相关议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other key topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
The £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
每天2英镑的可以减少心脏病发作威胁的药物
The £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack and
每天2英镑的药物可以减少心脏病发作和
The £2-a-day medication that can cut heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day pill that can cut heart attack threat
每天2英镑的避孕药可以减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can reduce heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can prevent heart attack threat
每日2英镑的药物可以预防心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can stop heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以阻止心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can control heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以控制心脏病发作威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can fight heart attack threat
每日2英镑的药物,可以对抗心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can help heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以帮助心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can treat heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以治疗心脏病发作威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can heal heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以治愈心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can cure heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以治愈心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can down heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以降低心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can stopped heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以阻止心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can off heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以消除心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can cured heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以治愈心脏病发作威胁
The £2-a-day drug that can reduced heart attack threat
每天2英镑的药物可以减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-Day drug that can cut heart attack threat
每日2英镑的药物可以减少心脏病发作的威胁
Thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数千名心脏病发作的病人将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前,官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Thousands of heart attack patients were to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数千名心脏病发作的病人将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前,官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Thousands of heart attack patients is to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数千名心脏病发作的病人将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前,官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
the of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
心脏病发作患者将受益于每天2英镑的药物,因为官员建议将它长期提供给更多人。
and of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
并且心脏病发作患者将受益于每天2英镑的药物,在官员建议给予更多人更长的时间后。
of of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
心脏病发作病人每日服用2英镑的药物,经过官员推荐,可以让更多人服用更长的时间。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物会使心脏病患者再次发作的风险降低。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the chance of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物使心脏病患者再次发作的几率下降。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the likelihood of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物对心脏病患者重复发作的可能性大打折扣。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物会降低心脏病患者反复发作的风险。
The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作12个月后就已经服用,可以降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the chance of a stroke or another attack.
心脏病发作12个月后,这种药物就已经注射了,从而降低了中风或再次发作的几率。
The drug is already given for 12 weeks after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作12周后就已经服用,可以降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is already given for twelve months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作12个月后就已经服用,可以降低中风或再次发作的风险。
NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
NHS监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for 4 years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
NHS监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们4年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但是现在NHS的NICE已经建议,这应该给予人们四年,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for 4 years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但现在NHS的NICE已经建议,应该给予人们4年的时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter the these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter in these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter that these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter with these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
英国每年约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter a these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
Heart attacks and strokes are cause by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块的。
Heart attacks and strokes are associated by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块的。
Heart attacks and strokes are seen by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心跳和中风通过在动脉壁堆积脂肪物质来形成斑块。
Heart attacks and strokes are described by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心跳和中风的描述是通过在动脉壁上堆积脂肪材料形成斑块。
Heart attacks and strokes are causes by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
If the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
a the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
a 斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
and the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
斑块会断裂,引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
the the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
in the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
在斑块断裂时,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
of the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
斑块断裂时,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流会传播到血流中,阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if the clot dislodges it may travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流可能流到血流中,阻塞流向大脑的血液,导致中风。
People who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
People who have already get one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
People who have already had one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
People who have already have one attacks are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
People who have already have one assault are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,人们12个月给90毫克血糖,此后三年内每天两次给90毫克血糖加阿司匹林加60毫克。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 120mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,人们12个月给90毫克血糖,此后三年内每天两次给药剂量为120毫克,另三年给药剂量为阿司匹林。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 70mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,在12个月的时间里给人们90毫克的铁甲草胺,然后是70毫克和阿司匹林一天两次,再持续3年。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 40mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指南》草案建议,人们12个月给90毫克铁甲草胺,此后三年内每天两次给药40毫克和阿司匹林。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 50mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,在12个月的时间里给人们90毫克的铁甲草胺,然后是50毫克和阿司匹林一天两次,再持续3年。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 45mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,人们12个月给90毫克血糖,此后三年内每天两次给人注射4500毫克阿司匹林和阿司匹林。
Professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任CaroleLongson教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Alison Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任艾莉森·朗森教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Sue Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任苏朗森教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Louise Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任Louise Longson教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Jo Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任JoLongson教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Fiona Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任菲奥娜·朗森教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
害怕复发可能对一个人的生活质量产生重大不利影响。
Fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative affect on a person's quality of life.
害怕复发可能对一个人的生活质量产生重大的负面影响。
Fear of a recurrence can have a severe negative impact on a person's quality of life.
害怕复发可能对一个人的生活质量产生严重的负面影响。
Fear of a recurrence can have a substantial negative impact on a person's quality of life.
害怕复发可能对一个人的生活质量产生重大不利影响。
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and stroke in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to expand the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够扩大现有的治疗选择,使成千上万从中获益的人受益。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to enhance the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够加强提供给众多从中获益的人的治疗选择。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to improve the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够改进提供给众多从中获益的人的治疗选择。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many millions of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够增加数百万从中获益的人可获得的治疗选择。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many hundreds of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够增加许多从中获益的数百人可获得的治疗选择。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于关于ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过3年)的信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond this period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过3年)的信息有限,指导文件草案不建议在这一时期以后再用它治疗。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond the period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过3年)的信息有限,指导文件草案不建议采用超过这一时期的治疗方法。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond two years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于关于ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过两年)的信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond 3 years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是3年以上出血风险)的相关信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再使用它。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, a draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过三年)的相关信息有限,因此指导草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas grow
PC文化使穆斯林地区的选举舞弊现象日益严重
PC culture let vote manipulation in Muslim areas flourish
PC文化让选票操纵在穆斯林地区蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote bias in Muslim areas flourish
PC文化让投票偏见在穆斯林地区盛行
PC culture let vote corruption in Muslim areas flourish
PC文化让选票腐败在穆斯林地区盛行
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim regions flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区蓬勃发展
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被解职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Hutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
哈姆雷特市长Hutfur Rahman去年因腐败而被解职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Alitfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长阿里特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被免职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Utfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长Utfur Rahman因腐败而被解职,这引发了政府的报道
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread vote fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍出现选举舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍出现选举舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread election fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份毁灭性的政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致人们对穆斯林社区中普遍存在的选举欺诈行为视而不见。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report highlights today.
一份破坏性政府报告今天凸显出,政治正确文化导致人们对穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊视而不见。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report revealed today.
一份破坏性政府报告今日披露,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Claude Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长克劳德·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Barry Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长巴里·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Albert Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁大臣阿尔伯特·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Bruce Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长布鲁斯·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Frank Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长弗兰克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of votes on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
这位前社区部长(现为反腐败沙皇)说,基于宗教理由对选票的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护惊恐不安的选民。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened electors.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护惊恐不安的选民。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened votes.
这位前社区部长(现为反腐败沙皇)说,由于宗教原因对选民的恐吓非常严重,应该允许警察在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护惊恐的选票。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so serious that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护惊恐不安的选民。
Currently, a voter merely has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字和地址.
Currently, a voter simply has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字和地址.
Currently, a voter only has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字和地址.
Currently, a voter solely has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只得说出自己的名字和地址.
Currently, a voter just has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只好说出自己的名字和地址.
Currently, a voter merely has to state their name or address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字或住址.
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时,在人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even proposes putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在一个人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even advocates putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至主张在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even suggest putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even suggested putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even proposed putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在一个人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,应该加强对举报人的保护。
Greater protection must be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,必须加大对举报人的保护力度。
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric believes.
埃里克爵士认为,应该加强对举报人的保护。
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric argues.
埃里克爵士认为,应该加强对举报人的保护。
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric suggests.
埃里克爵士建议,应该加强对举报人的保护。
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric writes.
埃里克爵士写道,应该加强对举报人的保护。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council articles and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文章和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council reports and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会报告和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council paper and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council Papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He seeks for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他 设法 使 新闻界 能够 更多 地 取得 理事会 的 文件 和 非 政府 委员会 或 工作组 作出 的 决定 。
" This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
他说:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊的风气的冲击。”
" This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in side with it, " he said.
他说:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受与选举舞弊并存的腐败和金融舞弊的风气的影响。”
" It is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
他表示:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊这一与选举舞弊并行不悖的更为广泛的文化的影响。”
" The is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
“这不仅是为了防止选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊这一与选举舞弊密切相关的更广泛的文化的影响,”他说。
" Our is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
他说:“我们不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,而且是为了保护地方政府免受与选举舞弊同时并举的腐败和金融舞弊这一更为广泛的文化的影响。”
" We is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
“我们不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,而且是为了保护地方政府免受与选举舞弊同时并举的腐败和金融舞弊这一更为广泛的文化的影响,”他说。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令了这份报告。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Boroughs voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在东伦敦铁塔区投票丑闻后发布了这份报告。
The report was authorised by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后授权了这份报告。
The report was commissioned by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
该报告是唐宁街在东伦敦塔哈姆雷特投票丑闻后委托编写的。
The review was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令进行这次评论。
The commission was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
哈姆雷特大厦在东伦敦投票丑闻后,唐宁街下令设立这个委员会。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法院裁决现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼(Lutfur Rahman)因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
in year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
年内,特别选举法庭裁定现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
of year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
特别选举法庭裁定现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
and year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
一年,特别选举法庭裁定现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
a year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
一年,特别选举法院裁决现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
to year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
今年,一个特别选举法庭裁定现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman"无情地扭曲了"穆斯林社区的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feelings of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman"玩世不恭地扭曲了"穆斯林社区的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious sentiment of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“无情地扭曲了”穆斯林社区的宗教情绪,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious sentiments of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman"玩世不恭地"歪曲了穆斯林的宗教情绪,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feel of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“无情地扭曲了”穆斯林的宗教感觉,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious sense of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“无情地扭曲了”穆斯林社会的宗教意识,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Rahman, it was said, " run his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
拉赫曼,据说,“他的竞选活动是基于忠实穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for he. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious responsibility of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
拉赫曼,据说,“他的竞选活动是以忠实穆斯林的宗教责任为基础,投票支持他的。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious obligation of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
拉赫曼,据说,“他的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林有宗教义务投票支持他的。”
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或者是假扮他人投票的结果。
of to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
在300张选票中,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑。
in to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
在300张选票中,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑。
a to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
a 至 300 票 的 选票 是 可疑 的, 或 是 个 人 投票 时 装作 另 一 人 投票 的 貌 象 结果 。
the to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
对300张选票的选票是可疑的,还是个性化的结果,即一个人一边投票一边装作别人。
to to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
对300张选票的选票表示怀疑或表示怀疑,即某人在投票时装扮成其他人。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric claimed there was evidence of fraud across the country.
埃里克爵士声称,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric announced there was evidence of fraud across the country.
埃里克爵士宣布,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir John said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
约翰爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud around the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud throughout the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他 对 邮政 投票 舞弊 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 施加压力, 迫使 人们 投票 选出 他们 所 选择 的 一 名 候选人 。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim elite were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票舞弊行为表示特别震惊,据说,穆斯林精英的高级成员对人们施加压力,要求他们投票选举自己选出的候选人。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choice.
他 对 邮政 投票 舞弊 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 施加压力, 迫使 人们 投票 选出 他们 所 选择 的 一 名 候选人 。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their preference.
他 对 邮政 投票 舞弊 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 施加压力, 迫使 人们 投票 支持 自己 偏爱 的 候选人 。
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,埃里克爵士为清理投票系统提出了若干建议,包括带上你的身份证以证明你是谁
Sir He, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示何鸿先生提出多项建议,以清理投票系统,包括出示身份证以证明你是谁
Sir The, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示了为清理投票系统而提出的几项建议,包括出示你的身份证以证明你是谁
Sir I, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,我先生提出若干建议,以清理投票系统,包括出示你的身份证以证明你是谁
Sir he, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,他提出了一些建议来清理投票系统,包括出示你的身份证来证明你是谁
Sir A, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示A爵士为清理投票系统提出了若干建议,包括出示身份证以证明你是谁
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and youth people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老们的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, especially women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, including women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:"有证据表明,一些少数民族社区的弱势成员,包括妇女和青年人,受到压力,要他们根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to these behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教的“政治上正确”过度敏感,国家机构对这些行为视而不见。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to this behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,国家机构对这种行为视而不见,因为"政治上正确"过度关注族裔和宗教。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to the behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教的“政治上正确的”过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to Muslim behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,国家机构对穆斯林的行为视而不见,因为“政治上正确”过度关注种族和宗教。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to religious behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,国家机构对宗教行为视而不见,因为人们对种族和宗教“在政治上正确”过于敏感。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 60 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了60项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 40 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了40项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 20 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了20项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 30 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了30项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 25 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了25项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
The report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特雷萨·梅正在审议该报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The report, being considered by Diane May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
由黛安·梅审议的报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The report, being considered by Anna May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
安娜·梅正在审议该报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The report, being considered by Gill May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
吉尔·梅(Gill May)正在考虑这份报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The report, being considered by Chancellor May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
5月总理正在审议该报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The report, being considered by Leader May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
5月领导人正在审议这份报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to present ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to submit ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前提交身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to provide ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前提供身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to possess ID before voting.
考虑在投票前要求选民拥有身份证的选项。
the the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.
要求选民在投票前出示身份证的选项。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
一旦投票,在某人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers after they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票后用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers when they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers if they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
使用不可磨灭的墨水在某人的手指上,如果他们投选票阻止任何人投票两次。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers while they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers before they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票前用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对一个人的国籍进行系统检查,以确保他们有选举权。
Carry out comprehensive checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行全面检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out systemic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对一个人的国籍进行系统检查,以确保他们有资格投票。
Carry out continuous checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行持续的检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out compulsory checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行强制检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out mandatory checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行强制性检查,确保他们有选举权。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请规定3年的限制。
Put a a-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请规定一年的限制。
Put a of-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请设年限。
Put a the-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
规定自动邮寄投票的年限。
Put a in-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请设年限。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an direct postal vote.
对直接邮寄选票的申请规定3年的限制。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes the postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理完的邮递选票信封.
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes a postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理完的邮票和邮票信封.
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes of postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理邮递投票信封的选票.
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling signed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理签名的邮票和邮票信封。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling recorded postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理有记录的邮票和邮政投票信封。
Give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设置警戒线。
Make police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设立警戒线。
give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设置警戒线。
Do police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
警察有权力在投票站周围设立警戒线。
Given police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设立警戒线。
Have police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
警方有权力在投票站周围设立警戒线。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,使根据1983年《人民代表法》控告恐吓者更加容易。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1982.
修改法律,使根据1982年《人民代表法》控告恐吓者更加容易。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1984.
修改法律,使根据《1984年人民代表法》控告恐吓者更加容易。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1980.
修改法律,使人们更容易根据1980年《人民代表法》指控他人受到恐吓。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act Act.
修改法律,使根据《人民代表法》指控恐吓者更加容易。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act Constitution.
修改法律,使根据《人民法》《宪法》对民众进行恐吓更容易。
Make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Make it illegal to take pictures in poll stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Make it illegal to take photos in polling stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Make it illegal to take photographs in polling stations.
规定在投票站拍摄照片为违法。
Do it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的。
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except for Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling station ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往投票站的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff implement the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往投票站的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff maintain the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员遵守选民单独前往投票站的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff upheld the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员遵守选民单独前往投票站的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the precinct alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往选区的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the policy that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往投票站的政策。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,说“令人震惊的”是塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提出刑事指控。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Riots case.
埃里克爵士对大都会警察说,“令人震惊的”是,在TowerRiopts案之后没有提出刑事指控。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士对大都会警察说,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提出任何刑事指控,这“令人震惊”。
Sir Eric savages the London Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士猛烈抨击了伦敦警方,称在塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提出刑事指控“令人震惊”。
Sir Eric savages the Met Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士对大都会警察说,“令人震惊的”是,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提出刑事指控。
Sir Eric savages the City Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士对纽约市警方说,“令人震惊的”是,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提出刑事指控。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and unconstitutional practices, " he said.
“选举法院宣布LutfurRahman和他的代理人不合格,罪名是一连串腐败和违宪的行为,”他说。
" The election court removed Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院将卢特弗·拉赫曼和他的代理人撤职,罪名是一连串腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he claimed.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他声称。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he alleged.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他声称。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
他被判有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,符合刑事标准的证据,一系列理由。
the was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,符合刑事标准的证据-一系列理由。
and was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
并被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,对刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
in was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,对刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
of was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,对刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
to was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,到刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticalises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticisedises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of local hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评了地方市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of borough hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评了市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of council hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评了市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
Sir Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Sir Eric said : " This year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克爵士说:"今年法庭对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Sir Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in London Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克爵士说:“去年法庭对伦敦哈姆雷特的判决是一次警醒。
Sir Colin said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
科林爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Sir John said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
约翰爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Sir Al said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
阿尔爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的判决是一次警醒。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by many bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及许多机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of protection by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈和某些机构的保护状况令人不安和隐蔽地扩散,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of support by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈和某些机构支持的状况令人不安和隐蔽地扩散,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of promises by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈和某些机构承诺的状况令人不安和隐蔽地扩散,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of secrecy by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,一些机构令人不安和秘密地散布选举欺诈和保守秘密的状况,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
对凯特的自行车骑手外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人来说,这实在是太疯狂了
Crazy for her's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
疯狂的她骑自行车的外观和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Olympics Olympians
对凯特的自行车骑手外表和奥运选手们的其他名人来说,这实在是太疯狂了
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of 2016 Olympians
对于凯特的自行车骑手外表和2016年奥运会的名人来说,他太疯狂了
Crazy as Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
凯特的自行车骑手外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人称号一样疯狂
Crazy with Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
疯狂的凯特的自行车骑手外观和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国骑自行车的保罗·费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)本周对2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们大发雷霆。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an exceptional lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国骑自行车的保罗·费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)本周对2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们大发雷霆。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an outstanding lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国自行车手保林费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an overnight lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国自行车手保林费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)本周对2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们大发雷霆。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an iconic lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们对法国自行车骑手保林费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)来说,本周的风靡不已。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an favourite lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国自行车手保林费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrities doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员,他们夸耀自己的名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体的说法,他们不会这么做。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own Celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今年夏季唯一一个以自己的名人多盖尔(Cebrity dobelganger)为荣的竞逐金牌的运动员,至少根据社交媒体的说法,他不会。
But the 25-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位25岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员。
But the 23-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位23岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have assembled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦运兵团已经汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have created a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会创建了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have formed a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会以及目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会已经形成了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
a, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
a. 为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
the, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
为了纪念里约奥运会,为了纪念目前横跨我们银幕的所有著名人物,法国选手联合会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左翼,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Bradley, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪布拉德利,左,自从达芬奇迪卡普里奥童年时就被比作他
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady He, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队队员布雷迪·何(左)从小就与里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥(Leonardo DiCaprio)进行了比较
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady the, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪左侧,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Hayden Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员海登·埃利森,左翼,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Ryan Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员莱恩·埃利森,左,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了Kate在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上的很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the brother of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了Kate在自行车赛道上的副手之外,网上的很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的弟弟的。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭小组成员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在Twitter上引发了一场风暴,因为他的图像看上去与华尔街明星沃尔夫(Wolf of Wall Street)一模一样。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on YouTube after images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在YouTube上引发了一场风暴,因为他的图像看上去与华尔街明星沃尔夫(Wolf of Wall Street)一模一样。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became known of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手知道了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and confessed that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and revealed that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并透露他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admits that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he is like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人并不认为自己有着巨大的相似之处, 或许除了脸部的头发.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington Times.
布雷迪对赫芬顿时报说,我个人并不认为自己有着巨大的相似之处, 或许除了脸部的头发.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington News.
布雷迪对赫芬顿新闻说,我个人并不认为自己有着巨大的相似之处, 或许除了脸部的头发.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, perhaps besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人认为,除了脸部的头发外, 没有发现一个巨大的相似之处.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, probably besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人认为,除了脸部的头发外,没有发现一个巨大的相似之处.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, somewhere besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人除了脸部的头发外,没有发现一个巨大的相似之处.
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Steve Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国长跑运动员史蒂夫·鲁瑟福德(Steve Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似性。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Kevin Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员凯文·鲁瑟福德(Kevin Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Darren Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员达伦·鲁瑟福德(Darren Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Paul Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员保罗·鲁瑟福德(Paul Rutherford)与流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Nicky Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国长跑运动员尼基·鲁瑟福德(Nicky Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似性。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员Aliya Mustafina用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星Gloria Estefan的哑谜。
Russian gymnast Aliya Saidafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据悉,俄罗斯体操运动员阿利亚·赛达菲娜(Alya Saidafina)用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,是古巴裔美国歌星格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡(Gloria Estefan)的致命杀手。
Russian gymnast Aliya Atafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
俄罗斯体操运动员阿利亚·阿塔菲娜用她那双大而有表情的眼睛,据说是古巴裔美国歌手格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡的致命杀手。
Russian gymnast Aliya Sultanafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员阿利亚·苏拉法娜用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌手格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡的哑谜。
Russian gymnast Aliya Abdulafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员阿利亚·阿卜杜拉菲娜用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌手格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡的哑谜。
Russian gymnast Aliya Fafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
俄罗斯体操运动员阿利亚·法菲纳用她那双大而富于表现力的眼睛,据说是古巴裔美国歌手格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡的致命杀手。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格(Cameron van der Burgh)已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(Matthew Morrison)相比了好几年。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van de Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德·伯格(Cameron van de Burgh)已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(Matthew Morrison)相比了好几年。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van De Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德·伯格已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(MatthewMorrison)相比了好几年了。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Adam Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格已经和格莉的明星亚当·莫里森(AdamMorrison)相比了好几年了。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matt Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格已经和Glee明星马特·莫里森(MattMorrison)相比了好几年了。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Joshua Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格已经和Glee明星乔舒亚·莫里森(Joshua Morrison)相比了好几年了。
Changing it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改写:这个用户认为内森是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
Changing it up : This user reckons that Simon is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改写:这个用户认为Simon是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
Changing it up : This user reckons that Will is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改变:这个用户认为威尔是“先入为主”的“运动版”
Changing it up : This user reckons that this is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改写:这个用户认为这是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
Changing it up : This user reckons that he is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改写:这个用户认为他是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
Changing it up : The user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改变:用户认为内森是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特,他拥有类似的沉重的额头和嘴唇。
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Ryan Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员莱恩·哈特内特,他们有着相似的厚眉和嘴唇。
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Drew Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员德鲁·哈特内特,他有着类似的厚额和嘴唇。
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Scott Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员斯科特·哈特内特,他拥有类似的沉重的额头和嘴唇。
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Ben Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和男演员本·哈特内特,他有着相似的厚眉和嘴唇。
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Chris Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员克里斯·哈特内特,后者的眉头和嘴唇都很像。
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Polo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望波罗,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Taylor, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望泰勒,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Miller, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望米勒,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Pan, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望潘,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Williams, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望威廉姆斯,左边,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右边,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他人也看到了相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also spotted the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他用户也发现了相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also noticed the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他用户也注意到了这些相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also recognized the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他人也认识到了这些相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also found the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他用户也发现了相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also caught the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他用户也发现了相似之处
Floating a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据这位用户说,也许两人相貌相似是有道理的
Floating a theory : According to that user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:根据那个用户的说法,也许两个人的相貌相似是有道理的
Floating a theory : According to the user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据用户说,也许两人相貌相似是有道理的
Floating a theory : According to a user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:根据一个用户的说法,也许两个人的相貌相似是有道理的
Floating a theory : According to another user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据另一位用户说,也许两人相貌相似是有道理的
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位Twitter用户最近浏览了网站,宣布她的幸福感,互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jamie Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位Twitter用户最近浏览了网站,宣布她的幸福感,互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Miller and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位Twitter用户最近来到这个网站,宣布她快乐,其他互联网用户认为希望米勒和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo as Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位Twitter用户最近浏览了网站,宣布她的幸福感,互联网上的其他用户认为,希望单独成为詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛.
the, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛。
and, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
而且,美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛。
of, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛。
to, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛。
in, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
其中,美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛。
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Amy Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员艾美·林尼(Amy Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Annie Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与安妮·林尼(Annie Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Julie Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员朱莉·林尼(Julie Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Meg Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员梅格·林尼(Meg Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Liz Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与女演员莉兹·林尼(Liz Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国游泳运动员“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics reporter apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运记者对中国游泳运动员“死得像只猪 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics broadcaster apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运电视台对中国游泳运动员“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics analyst apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运分析师对中国游泳运动员“死得像头猪 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizeds for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国游泳运动员“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologys for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国游泳运动员“死得像猪 ” 表示歉意.
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 15-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对15岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 13-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对13岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
the MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析后,对周三CBC直播的观众表示愤慨
to MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
据麦当劳分析,14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中名列第四。 周三,美国广播公司(CBC)现场直播的观众对此感到愤慨
and MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析后,对本周三CBC直播的观众表示愤慨
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmers'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimming'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swim'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize over one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像个猪一样地死。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 15-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名15岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald believed his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳的音乐被关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald felt his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦麦克唐纳觉得,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳的麦克风被关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald said his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳说,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳的音乐被关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald admitted his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳承认,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳的麦克风被关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald threw his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时,拜伦·麦克唐纳开始发表自己的看法,他把麦克唐纳的麦克风吹了起来。
Commentator Byron MacDonald looked his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时开始发表自己的看法,他的麦克唐纳的麦克风被关掉了。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“颜色”可以听到有人说:‘那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝’。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 15-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“彩色”服务,这时,人们可能会听到他说:‘那个来自中国的15岁小男孩把球扔了,宝贝’。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 13-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“彩色”服务。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-born from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“颜色”可以听到有人说,“那个14岁的孩子从中国出生,掉了球,宝贝。”
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-child from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“彩色”服务。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-youth from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“颜色”可以听到有人说,“那个14岁的中国青年把球扔了,宝贝。”
Too excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.
太激动了, 出去了像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Too excited, went out like stink, died like a pigs.
太激动了, 出去了像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Too nervous, went out like stink, died like a pig.
太紧张了, 出去了像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Too angry, went out like stink, died like a pig.
太生气了, 出去了像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Too scared, went out like stink, died like a pig.
太害怕了, 出去了像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Too drunk, went out like stink, died like a pig.
喝得太醉, 出去象臭味, 死了像只猪.
Thanks for that.
谢谢你。
a for that.
a 用于此目的。
of for that.
”“是的。
the for that.
就这么办吧。
to for that.
为了那个。
and for that.
也是为了那个。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人关闭了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 78-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:5778-1.61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人缩小了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 81-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:5781-161秒内游泳第二回合接力比加拿大的泰勒拉克慢,让加拿大人得以弥补在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 08-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳选手艾燕翰,14岁,在1:57,08-1,61秒内游泳第二回合接力比加拿大的泰勒拉克慢,让加拿大人得以弥补在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 49-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,49-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人关闭了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Cameron Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的卡梅伦拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人得以缩小在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Tyler Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克(TylerRuck),游泳第二回合,让加拿大人得以缩小在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Scott Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的斯科特拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人缩小了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Brandon Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的布兰登拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人缩小了在中国的差距。
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the words used
整个加拿大的观众在对所用的语气和单词感到震惊之后,在网上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the word used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用过的语气和单词感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the violence used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和暴力行为感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online following being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked at the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网上迅速做出反应
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 13-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位13岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 15-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位来自中国的15岁的游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-up swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
Emmet Macfarlane在Twitter上说:“CBC的播音员是否只是说那个14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-youth swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(Emmet Macfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国青年游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-born swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
The idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着. ”
The fool didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着. ”
The asshole didn't realize they were still on the air. '
那个混蛋没有意识到他们还在空中. ”
The bastard didn't realize they were still on the air. '
那个混蛋没有意识到他们还活着. ”
the idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
那个白痴没有意识到他们还活着。
of idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着。
to idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着。
in idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着。
a idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
一个白痴没有意识到他们还活着。
and idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着。
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 15-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:'那个来自中国的15岁小女孩把球摔了,宝贝。
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 13-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:'那个13岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described saying :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述说:‘那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。’
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-girl from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:“那个14岁的小女孩从中国摔了球,宝贝。”
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-American from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:“那个14岁的美国人从中国投了球,宝贝。”
Ai Yuhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳决赛中,中国选手艾玉翰被描述为:“那个14岁来自中国的小男孩把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Yinghan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾英汉被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Qihan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳接力决赛中,中国的艾齐汗被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,许多人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with most calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,多数人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with some calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,有人把他叫出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with fans calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,粉丝把他叫了出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with much calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,他被大肆抨击
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with opponents calling him out
在Twitter上,对拜伦麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,对手还把他叫出来
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Twitter users did not slow back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户并没有放慢脚步
Twitter users did not pull back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户并没有缩回
Twitter users did not turn back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户并没有回过头来
Twitter users did not cut back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户并没有减少
Twitter users did not let back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳是如何敏感时,Twitter用户没有回过头来
Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
另一用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
a twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
一个用户,莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道:'哇!
the twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
The twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
and twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
和用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道:'哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳。
to twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
莎拉·帕拉迪斯给Twitter用户写道: “哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族歧视者。
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # horrified.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # shocked.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。#震惊。
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # insulted.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。 # 侮辱。
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # offended.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgust.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon after, Jeff Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的JeffRussel对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
Soon after, Greg Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的格雷格?鲁塞尔(GregRussel)在空中对麦克唐纳(MacDonald)的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
Soon after, Rob Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的罗布·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon after, James Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的詹姆斯?鲁塞尔(JamesRussel)在空中对麦克唐纳(MacDonald)的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
Soon after, Andrew Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的安德鲁?鲁塞尔(Andrew Russel)就麦克唐纳(MacDonald)的评论在空中道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it occurred. '
这是一个很不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾它发生了. ”
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
最后,CBC向那些在Twitter上回应这番话的人道歉90多次
CBC ended up apologizing more than 70 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
CBC最终向那些在Twitter上对这番话做出回应的人道歉70多次
CBC ended up apologizing more than 60 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
最后,CBC向那些在Twitter上回应这番话的人道歉60多次
CBC ended up apologizing more than 100 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
CBC最终向那些在Twitter上对这番话做出回应的人道歉100多次
CBC went up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
CBC向那些在Twitter上对这番话做出回应的人道歉90多次
CBC came up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
CBC对这番话做了90多次道歉,这些人在Twitter上对这番话做了回应
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
研究员,斯科特·鲁塞尔,不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, came to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
共同评论家斯科特·鲁塞尔代表麦克唐纳前来道歉
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, went to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
研究员,斯科特·鲁塞尔,代表麦克唐纳向他道歉
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, was to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
研究员,斯科特·鲁塞尔,代表麦克唐纳向他道歉
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, got to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
研究员,斯科特·鲁塞尔,代表麦克唐纳向他道歉
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, appeared to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
另一位评论家,斯科特·鲁塞尔,似乎代表麦克唐纳向他道歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的90多个其他用户的道歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's remarks
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳讲话不满的其他90多个用户的道歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 60 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC抄袭了另外60多个抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户,并向他们致歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 120 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的120多个其他用户的道歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 180 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC抄袭了其他180多位抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户,并向他们致歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 150 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的150多个其他用户的道歉
The network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发布了一份声明。
The network was also swift to apologize and released a statement.
网络也迅速道歉,并发布了一项声明。
The network was also immediate to apologize and released a statement.
网络也立即道歉并发布了一项声明。
The network was also quickly to apologize and released a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发布了一项声明。
The network was also quick to apologize and issued a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发表了一份声明.
The network was also quick to apology and released a statement.
网络也很快道歉,并发布了一项声明。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
We moved quickly last night to apology to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our audience on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者道歉。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our guests on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚行动得很快,在空中向我们的客人和社交媒体上的追随者道歉。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our show on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速行动,向我们的空中节目和社交媒体上的追随者道歉。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our fans on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚行动迅速,向空中粉丝和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related about the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
To be clear, McKenzie's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,麦肯齐的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
To be clear, he's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,他的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,他们太不合适了,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话非常抱歉。
That said, they were rude and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,他们很粗鲁,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话非常抱歉。
That said, they were inappropriate and an inappropriate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,这些话不合适,而且选词不当,拜伦对他所说的话深表歉意。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unacceptable choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,这些话不合适,也是无法接受的,拜伦对他所说的话深表歉意。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为“攻击”。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal insult.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为“个人侮辱”。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal assault.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,表示他的意思不是把它解释为人身攻击。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark in stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是要被理解为人身攻击。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark to stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说这并不意味着可以被理解为人身攻击。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark a stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话说成是“人身攻击”。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person. '
我指的是一个游泳运动员的表演,而不是指一个普通人。
' I was referring to a swimmers's performance, and not to them as a person. '
我指的是一个游泳运动员的表演,而不是指一个普通人。
' I was referring to a athlete's performance, and not to them as a person. '
我指的是运动员的表现,而不是作为个人看待的。
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一名妇女脱衣去试穿Primark中心店铺的尼克斯时,店主不知道该往哪里看。
apers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一个女人脱衣去试穿普里马克中心商店地板上的尼克斯时,阿普斯不知道该往哪里看。
ofpers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一个妇女脱衣去试穿普里马克市中心店铺的尼克斯时,人们不知道该往哪里看。
topers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一个女人脱衣去试穿Primark中心店铺的尼克斯时,Topers不知道该往哪里看。
inpers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一个女人脱衣去试穿Primark中心商店地板上的尼克斯时,他们不知道该往哪里看。
thepers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一名妇女脱衣去试穿普里马克市中心店铺的尼克斯时,他们不知道该往哪里看。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一下,把它们从书架上剥下来,然后放回书架上。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the rack.
雪上加霜的是,她把镜片的外观打量了一下,把它们剥下来放回架子上。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, stripped them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一下,把它们脱下来放回架子上。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, ripped them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一下,把他们撕下来放回架子上。
She carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She carried on browsing and later tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,后来在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She carried on browsing and subsequently tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,然后在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She carried on browsing and then tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,然后在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She carried on browsing and was tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,并在位于福尔克斯通布韦里广场购物中心的商店里被试穿了四套内衣。
She carried on browsing and finally tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最后在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
The Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通。 在那里,女人尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
The Primark shop in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通。 在那里,女人试穿小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架上
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫珍妮·戴维森的双胞胎母亲在试穿内衣后说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动也不动就走出店门。
A mother-of-two, Jenny Walker, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫珍妮·沃克的双胞胎母亲在试穿内衣后说,神秘女人又穿上了衣服,没有买任何东西就走出了店门。
A mother-of-two, Jenny Campbell, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫珍妮·坎贝尔的双胞胎母亲说,在试穿内衣后,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动也不动地走出了店门。
A mother-of-two, Jenny Reid, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫珍妮·里德的双胞胎母亲在试穿内衣后说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动也不动就走出店门。
A mother-of-two, Kay Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫凯·戴维森的双胞胎母亲在试穿内衣后说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动也不动就走出店门。
She said :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
She said :'Everyone couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 每个人都不相信他们看到的. ”
She said :'They couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 他们不相信他们看到什么. ”
She said :'We couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 我们不相信他们看到什么. ”
She said :'I couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 我无法相信他们看见了什么. ”
She said :'She couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 她不相信他们在看什么. ”
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
站在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and trousers and put them on.
站在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿出一双小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
the in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
在商店的地板中央,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
of in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿了两条小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
to in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
到了商店的地板中央,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
in in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
在店铺的中间,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
' She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it-she just stood there, bold as brass. '
她没有设法找任何地方去小心翼翼地去做--她只是站在那里,胆敢地站在那里。
' She didn't try to find somewhere discreet to do it-she just stood there, bold as brass. '
她没有设法找一个小心谨慎的地方去做--她只是站在那儿,胆敢地站在那里。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and clearly didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and apparently didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and then didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来,然后就不喜欢了,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and she didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,她不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and he didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,他不喜欢,因为她把它们放回架子上。
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也没有喜欢之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was something she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定有什么她喜欢的东西之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she like and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也没有喜欢之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did the same with three more pairs until finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
她和另外三条牛仔裤也照样干,直到最后决定她什么也不喜欢,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or talk about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or know about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不关心谁在看电视,也不了解谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or forget about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,或者忘记谁最终会买下她一直在尝试的尼克斯。
' she didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊!
and Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
33岁的戴维森住在肯特镇上,他说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
the Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
住在肯特镇的33岁的戴维森说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
a Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
一位住在肯特镇的33岁的大卫森说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
of Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的大卫森住在肯特镇,他说:“认为有人要把别人穿的尼克斯带回家是多么恶心啊!
to Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
住在肯特镇的33岁的戴维森对他说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
那件事发生在星期二下午.
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
事件发生在星期二下午.
The incident was on Tuesday afternoon.
那件事发生在星期二下午.
The incident happened on Tuesday evening.
那件事发生在星期二晚上.
The incident happened on Tuesday overnight.
这件事发生在星期二的一夜之间.
The incident happened on Monday afternoon.
这件事发生在星期一下午.
Ms Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集到的工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。”
the Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集的工人们显然都试图在她离开后将衣服从售出——这也正是一样。”
and Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:‘我发现工人们显然想在她离开后把衣服脱下——这也正是一样。’
a Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集的工人们显然都试图在她离开后将衣服从售出——这也正是一样。”
in Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
在戴维森写道:‘我收集工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。’
of Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充说:‘我收集工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货处移走,这恰好也是一样。’
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个女人穿了,又脱了,他们还没有洗过。
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find some woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现有女人穿了,又脱了,没有洗过。
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find someone woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现有女人穿了,又脱了,没有洗过。
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another lady had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个女士穿上了,又脱掉了,他们还没有洗过。
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another man had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个人穿了,又脱了,他们还没有洗过。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期二在我们的福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Wednesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期三在我们的福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is informed of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:“普里马克得知了8月9日发生在我们福尔克斯通商店的一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is concerned of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克对8月9日星期二在Folkestone商店发生的事件感到担忧。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is notified of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说: 普里马克被通知了8月9日星期二发生在我们福尔克斯通商店的一起事件.
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is known of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普里马克是8月9日(星期二)在Folkestone商店发生的一起事件。
All the product in question has been removed from sale.
有关产品已全部从销售中取消.
All the product in question has been recalled from sale.
有关产品已全部从销售中召回.
All the product in question has been closed from sale.
有关产品已全部停止销售.
All the product in question has been withdrawn from sale.
有关产品已全部退出销售.
All the product in question has been eliminated from sale.
有关产品已全部从销售中取消.
All the product in question has been banned from sale.
有关产品已全部禁止销售.
How to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
如何防范使用Krav Maga的枪支袭击
How to protect yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
如何使用Krav Maga保护自己免受枪支袭击
to to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
使用Krav Maga保护自己免受枪炮攻击
of to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
使用Krav Maga保护自己免受枪支袭击
the to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
使用Krav Maga来自卫,防止枪声攻击
and to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
并使用Krav Maga保护自己免受枪支袭击
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safe for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but a video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Freemail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是这个从Freemail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Goodmail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是这个来自Goodmail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Themail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是这个邮件的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动起来。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will tell you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动起来。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will teach you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会教你如何在扳手上转动桌子。
of you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
当你从前面或后面被接近时,这段视频会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动。
to you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
在前面或后面与你联系时,这段视频会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动。
the you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
从前面或后面接近你,这段视频将告诉你如何将你的扳手的桌子转动。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果从后面走近,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi explains, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐解释说,如果从后面走近,要做的第一件事就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi said, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果从后面走近,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者,并“扫清火线”。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi teaches, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐教人,如果从后面走近,要做的第一件事就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“扫清火线”。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi taught, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐教导说,如果从后面走近,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“扫清火线”。
to approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,从后面走近,要做的第一件事就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者,并“扫清炮线”。
of approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,从后面靠近的人,首先要做的是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者,并“扫清火线”。
in approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,从后面走近时,首先要做的是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“扫清火线”。
the approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
Mizrachi说,从后面靠近的人,要做的第一件事就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
and approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,他们从后面走近,首先要做的就是转过身来,看看攻击者,并“扫清火线”。
You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
然后,你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You the grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You with grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用自由的肘部击打他们的脸部。
You to grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You and grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
握住前臂和肩膀之间的枪,然后用自由的肘部击打他们的脸部。
You or grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你或握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and as the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖来到腹股沟后面,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,把重物放在枪上,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后向上指着他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the man in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,把重物放在枪上,猛击男子的胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后用枪指着他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attackers in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举重,用拳头猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后用枪对准他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun in his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,把重物放在枪上,猛击攻击者胸部,然后在紧握枪口时扭动枪口,然后往后靠,指着枪口指着他。
Sounds tricky ?
听起来很棘手?
and tricky ?
和狡猾的?
of tricky ?
狡猾的?
in tricky ?
陷入困境?
the tricky ?
这个棘手的问题?
to tricky ?
狡猾的?
Check the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
检查一下录像,看看米斯拉奇是如何做到的.
Check the video to see exactly How Mizrachi does it.
检查录像,看看米斯拉奇是如何做的.
Check the video to know exactly how Mizrachi does it.
检查视频以确切了解米斯拉奇是如何做到的。
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭将盐灰、康沃尔市议会的房屋夷为平地
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house before of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭毁坏了康沃尔市议会的Saltash住房
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house prior of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭毁坏了Cornwall理事会的Saltash住房
Family of yobs burnt Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,康沃尔市议会大楼的酸奶家庭焚烧了盐
Family of yobs demolished Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,玉米墙议会大楼的酸奶家庭被拆毁
Family of yobs invaded Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,Youb家族侵入了Cornwall市政厅的Saltash
After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
在他们被强行搬离房产后,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
the they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
他们被强行搬离房产,震惊的房屋协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
and they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
他们被强行搬离房屋,房屋协会官员震惊地发现房屋处于失修状态。
to they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
他们被强行搬离房产,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
a they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
a 他们被强行搬离房产,房屋协会官员震惊地发现房产处于失修状态。
of they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
他们被强行搬离房产,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有裂缝,地板被撕开,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were torn up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕碎,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floor boards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有裂缝,地板被撕裂,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floor panels were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕裂,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floor sheets were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕裂,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floor frames were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有裂缝,地框被撕裂,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping hole, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕了,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The family have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这个家庭已经搬了家,人们相信他们住在一个私人住所里
The family are now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这个家庭已经搬家了,人们相信他们住在一个私人住所里
The family have now been moved on and are thought to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这个家庭已经搬了家,人们认为他们住在一个私人住所里
The family have now been moved on and are presumed to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这家人已经搬家,并被推定为住在私人住所中
The family have now been moved on and are known to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这个家庭已经搬了家,人们知道,他们住在一个私人住所里
The family have now been moved on and are reported to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这家人已经搬家了,据报道,他们住在一个私人住所里
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said they feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)表示,他们担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
in McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
在McEvoy,CornwallHouse的房屋经理说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
the McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔(CornwallHouse)房屋经理麦克埃沃(McEvoy)表示,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
of McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理麦克埃沃(McEvoy)表示,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
and McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)的房屋经理麦克埃沃(McEvoy)表示,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
to McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
对Cornwall住房公司住房经理麦克埃沃伊说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 对于这里的人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for folk down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 对于这里的人们来说,这真是一场噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for everyone down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 对于这里的每一个人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for us down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 对于我们这里的人来说,这绝对是个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for you down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 在这儿对你来说绝对是个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的这种属性可能会被不那么好的元素所了解。
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will likely be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的不合适元素可能会知道这些属性。
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will definitely be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的这个属性绝对会被不那么好的元素所了解。
There are a lot of things to weighed up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多事情需要权衡,因为Cornwall的这种属性可能会被不那么好的元素所了解。
There are a lot of things to weighs up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的不合适元素可能会知道这种属性。
There are a lot of things to weighing up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多事情需要权衡,因为Cornwall的这种属性可能会被不那么好的元素所了解。
This family are notorious and their name is notorious.
这个家庭臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This family are notorious and their name is infamous.
这个家庭臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This family are notorious and their name is famous.
这个家庭很臭名昭著,他们的名字很出名.
This family are infamous and their name is notorious.
这个家庭声名狼藉,他们的名字臭名昭著.
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, menacing nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、威胁附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易、大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, insulting nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、侮辱附近的居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过分的喊叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, beating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、殴打附近的居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过分的喊叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, bullying nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、欺凌附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过分的喊叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive yelling, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在这栋地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大吼、争吵和咒骂。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上的名字,在六月被授予反社会行为的命令。
Skeldon, 46, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
46岁的Skeldon, 其姓名在租赁公司, 6月份被授予反社会行为的命令.
Skeldon, 44, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
Skeldon,44岁,租户,在六月获得反社会行为的命令。
Skeldon, 48, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
现年48岁的Skeldon, 被租户称为承租人, 6月份被授予反社会行为的命令.
Skeldon, 49, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
现年49岁的Skeldon, 被租户称为承租人, 6月份被授予反社会行为的命令.
Skeldon, 57, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
57岁的Skeldon在租约上名, 6月被授予反社会行为的命令.
Old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房子的一些房间里发现了一些旧的垃圾,这些垃圾可以被拆毁
Old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be destroyed
在房子的几间屋子里发现了一些旧的垃圾,这些垃圾可能会被销毁
to rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房屋的几间屋子里发现了垃圾,这些垃圾可能会被拆毁
of rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房屋的几间屋子里发现了一些垃圾,这些垃圾可能被拆毁
in rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
the rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房屋的几间房里发现了垃圾,这些垃圾可以被拆毁
Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板在地牢里被拉了起来,过去曾从地牢里处理过毒品
Floor boards had been stripped up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板已被剥去,过去曾从其中处理过毒品
Floor boards had been dragged up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板被拖到地上,过去曾从地里处理过毒品
Floor boards had been cut up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
楼板被切碎,过去曾从中处理过毒品
Floor boards had been torn up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
楼板被拆掉,过去曾从其中处理过毒品
Floor boards had been ripped up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板被撕碎了,过去曾从中处理过毒品
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say their were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说他们在街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say the were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,人们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say gang were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,街上有一伙人打架,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say were were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,人们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say them were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了该地,给他们延长了11周的期间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property last week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房(Cornwall Housing)上周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了房产,给他们延长了11周的时间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property the week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
Cornwall住房公司一周内将她和伴侣强行逐出该房产,给他们11周的延长时间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property that week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔(Cornwall)住房(CornwallHouse)将她和她的伴侣强行逐出了该地,在那周,他们延长了11周的期间,以便自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property was week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
Cornwall住房将她和她的伴侣强行逐出房屋是一个星期,给他们11周的延长时间,让他们自愿搬离。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property is week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
Cornwall住房将她和她的伴侣强行逐出房屋是一个星期,给他们11周的延长时间,让他们自愿搬离。
The eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
被迁离的邻居们大为欢呼,他们说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who claimed their lives had been made a living hell.
被逼迁的邻居们大为欢呼,他们已夺去生命,成了活生生的地狱。
The eviction was hailed by grateful neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
感恩的邻居们欢呼他们的驱逐行动,说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was hailed by angry neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
愤怒的邻居们欢呼他们的驱逐行动,说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was hailed by concerned neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
有关邻居对这次驱逐事件表示赞许,说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was hailed by relief neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
救济邻居们欢呼他们的驱逐行动,说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
One said :'They didn't care about anybody. '
有人说: “ 他们不关心任何人. ”
One said :'They didn't care about anyone. '
有人说: “ 他们不关心任何人. ”
a said :'They didn't care about anybody. '
他们说:‘他们不关心任何人。’
The said :'They didn't care about anybody. '
他们说: “ 他们不关心任何人. ”
the said :'They didn't care about anybody. '
他们说: “ 他们不在乎任何人. ”
of said :'They didn't care about anybody. '
说:‘他们不关心任何人。’
We lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们和他们住在一起20年了,一直很糟。
I lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我和他们住在一起20年了,一直很糟。
the lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
在他们身边生活了20年,情况一直很糟糕。
and lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
和他们一起生活了20年,一直很糟。
in lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
在他们身边生活了20年,一直很糟。
to lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
在他们身边生活了20年,结果一直很糟糕。
The amount of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数多得难以置信。
The amount of times we're seen the police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数是难以置信的。
The number of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数真让人难以置信。
The amount of times we've seen the Police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数多得难以置信。
' This morning, we couldn't sleep. '
今早,我们睡不着。
' That morning, we couldn't sleep. '
那天早上,我们睡不着。
' The morning, we couldn't sleep. '
早晨,我们睡不着。
' this morning, we couldn't sleep. '
今天早晨,我们睡不着。
' This Morning, we couldn't sleep. '
今天早晨,我们睡不着。
It's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.
既然他们终于离开了,那会很可爱的。
It's going to be beautiful now that they're finally gone.
既然他们终于离去了,那会是美好的。
It's going to be lovely now that they're all gone.
既然他们都走了,那会很可爱的。
It's going to be lovely now that they're now gone.
现在他们都走了,感觉真好。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
in Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
在Fitzpatrick,CornwallHouse的街区执行经理说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
of Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔房屋的街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克表示,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
and Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房的街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
to Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
对CornwallHouse街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
the Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房的街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family refused to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,这家人拒绝与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family acted to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,该家庭与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family did to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,该家庭确实与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family compromised to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,该家族妥协与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family inadequate to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,该家庭不足以与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family breach to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房的街坊执行经理亚当菲茨帕特里克说,该家庭违反规定与地方当局合作。
The family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住过20年,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house for 25 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住过25年,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house for 30 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人已经在这所房子里住过30年了,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house for twenty years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住过二十年,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house for 40 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里已经住过40年了,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house for 50 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住过50年,警察经常叫人到那所房子去
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown along the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾玩具和旧玩具被扔在议会大楼的畸形侧面
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown up the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
Rubbish and old cars have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾车和老车被扔下议会大楼的畸形侧面
Rubbish and old toy have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被扔下议会大楼的畸形一旁
He added :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他补充称:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He commented :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他评论说:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她和她的家庭的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He stated :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他说:'遗憾的是,承租人没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐一直是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He said :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他说:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她和她的家庭的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He spoke :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他说:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她和她的家庭的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He responded :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他回答说:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她和她的家庭的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and the actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 而且 这些 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been frightening for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 一定 使 她 的 邻居 不敢 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been horrific for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 对 她 的 邻居 来说 一定 是 可怕 的 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was severe and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 严重 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was intense and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 行为 十分 严重, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 邻居们 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我欣赏我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I welcome all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我 欢迎 我 的 小组, 德文郡 和 康沃尔 警察 以及 勇敢 地 前来 向 我们 提供 情况 的 社区 成员 所 进行 的 所有 工作 。
I thank all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我感谢我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I understand all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我理解我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I thanks all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我感谢我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I intend that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我 打算, 这 一发 展 将 使 邻国 感到 安慰, 并 发出 一 种 信息, 即 不容 忍 反 社会 行为 。
I plan that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我计划这一事态发展会给邻居们一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即反社会行为不会被容忍。
I aim that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我 的 目标 是, 这 一发 展 将 给 邻国 带来 一些 安慰, 并 发出 一 种 信息, 即 不容 忍 反 社会 行为 。
I believe that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我相信,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I want that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望这一事态发展能给邻居们带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息:反社会行为是不能容忍的。
Mr Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick先生说,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
Mr Fitz Fitzgerald said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨·菲茨杰拉德先生说,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
Mr Fitz Byrne said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨·伯恩说,这三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
Mr Fitz Murphy said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨·墨菲先生说,这三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在这栋地产里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
Mr Fitz Lynch said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨·林奇说,这三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在这栋地产中,但他们都已经20多岁了。
Mr Fitz McMahon said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨·麦克马洪说,三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都已经20多岁了。
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
迁出后,屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块脏兮兮的床垫
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedroom in the house after the eviction
被逐出后,屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块脏兮兮的床垫
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house following the eviction
迁出后,屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块脏兮兮的床垫
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
房屋工人现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing workers would now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
现在,房屋工人不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing workers to now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
现在,房屋工人不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing workers is now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
现在,房屋工人不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surrounds the house
房屋工人现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平(parphelinia)和1,700英镑现金。
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 60g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,在大麻和天平上发现了超过60克的毒品,包括个人用品和1,700英镑的现金。
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 40g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了40多克大麻和天平(parphelinia)和1,700英镑现金。
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 75g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,在大麻和天平上发现了超过75克的毒品,包括个人用品和1,700英镑的现金。
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 50g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,在大麻和天平上发现了50多克大麻,其中石膏和1700英镑现金。
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 45g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,在大麻和天平上发现了超过45克的毒品,包括个人用品和1,700英镑的现金。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有B类毒品,意图供应毒品。
Skeldon was fined after agreeing guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在同意持有B类毒品并意图供应后被判处罚款。
Skeldon was fined after finding guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在发现持有B类毒品并意图供应后被判有罪后被罚款。
Skeldon was fined after promising guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在承诺持有B类毒品并意图供应后被判有罪后被罚款。
Skeldon was fined after charging guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon因被控持有B类毒品并意图供应而被判有罪后被罚款。
Skeldon was fined after admitting guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在承认持有B类毒品并意图供应后被判有罪后被罚款。
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
the being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
据悉,Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里,无家可归。
and being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
据了解,Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里,无家可归。
to being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
据了解,Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里,因此无家可归。
in being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归的情况下,Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
of being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
据了解,Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里,他们已经无家可归了。
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private accommodation in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住所里。
The walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子的许多房间的墙上都涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of several of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子几间屋子的墙上涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of most of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子大部分房间的墙上都涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of some of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子的一些房间的墙上涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of the of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子房间的墙上涂满了涂鸦.
The walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled in them.
许多房间的墙壁上都涂满了涂鸦。
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the laws of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁法的房客
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the conditions of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些无视租赁条件的房客
Police said they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police says they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police report they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方报告说,他们将设法驱逐那些藐视租赁规则的房客
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·克劳说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
Angela Hunter, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·亨特说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
Angela Fox, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·福克斯说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
Angela Miller, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉米勒说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
to Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
对德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的克劳说,驱逐行动向继续违反规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
the Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的乌鸦说,驱逐行动对继续违反规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
' This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为的人以及被这种行为所害的人来说, 也是如此.
' That sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己行为举止不受指责的人, 以及被这种行为所害的人来说, 也是如此.
' It sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她表示, 它不仅向那些认为自己可以不受责备地表现自己的人, 而且向那些被这种行为所伤害的人发出.
' There sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她表示, 对于那些认为自己可以无责无悔地表现自己的人, 以及那些被这种行为所伤害的人, 都会发出这种信息.
' The sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她表示, 向那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为, 以及被这种行为所伤害的人发出信息.
' We sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
“ 我们向那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为, 以及被这种行为所伤害的人发出信号. ” 她说.
Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton will stick with Richardson as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持理查森作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton will stick with him as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将继续作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland for Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton would stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)为最高法院法官。
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid writes he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)写道,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里?克林顿(Hillary Clinton)将提名麦里克?
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid states he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)表示,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里?克林顿(Hillary Clinton)将提名麦里克?
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid announces he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)宣布,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)为最高法院法官。
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid reports he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)报告称,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)法官入主最高法院。
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid is he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德相信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰法官进入最高法院。
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自奥巴马总统3月份提名加兰后,参议院共和党就一直阻挠加兰的任命.
Senate Republicans have blocked Ball's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自奥巴马总统3月份提名鲍尔后,参议院共和党就一直阻挠鲍尔的任命.
Senate Republicans have blocked Smith's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自奥巴马总统3月份提名史密斯后,参议院共和党就一直阻挠史密斯的任命.
Senate Republicans have blocked He's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
参议院共和党人阻止了奥巴马总统3月份提名他的任命.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in April.
自奥巴马总统4月份提名加兰后,参议院共和党人一直阻挠加兰的任命.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in August.
自奥巴马总统8月份提名加兰后,参议院共和党就一直阻挠加兰的任命.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announces the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔宣布下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔宣布下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell expects the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔预计下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell saying the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿会选择加兰,这在一定程度上是可信的。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick McCain " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选麦凯恩。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick her " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选她。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick him " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选他。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Gore " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选戈尔。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick the " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预测克林顿将会选择“有一定可信度的”。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈论她是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly on whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿讨论她是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate him and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名他,他还在投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Clinton and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿讨论克林顿是否提名,他正在投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate her and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名她,他正在投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate the and was speculating.
里德的一位发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名,他正在投机。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Richardson and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞理查森,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Thornton and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞了桑顿,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Jones and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他表扬了琼斯,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Smith and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他表扬了史密斯,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Carr and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞卡尔,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid said Republicans who are opposing Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,反对加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid says Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid called Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德称阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid told Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德对阻挠加兰提名的共和党人说,这是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“奴才”。
Reid responded Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德回应说,阻止加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸”和“使能者”。
He said Trump is unfit for office.
他说特朗普不适合任职。
He stated Trump is unfit for office.
他说特朗普不适合任职。
He says Trump is unfit for office.
他说特朗普不适合任职。
He called Trump is unfit for office.
他称特朗普不适合任职。
Treats says nude calendar for'women, as well as men '
“ 女人和男人的裸体日历”怎么说?
Treats says nude day for'women, as well as men '
治疗说,裸体的一天对 “ 女人和男人 ”
Treats says nude Calendar for'women, as well as men '
“ 女人和男人的裸历 ”
Treats says nude date for'women, as well as men '
治疗上说裸体约会对“女人”和“男人 ” 来说都是如此.
Treats says nude is for'women, as well as men '
治疗说,裸体不仅适合男性, 也是适合女性的.
Treats states nude calendar for'women, as well as men '
对“女人”和“男人 ” 的裸体日历进行治疗.
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
Treats杂志与摄影师David Bellenmere合作,推出了一个2017年由Pirelli灵感创下的2017年日历。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Rosemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《善待》杂志与摄影师大卫·罗丝米尔合作,推出2017年的“皮雷利灵感日历”。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Rossmere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
Treats杂志正与摄影师大卫·罗斯米尔合作,推出一个2017年由皮雷利灵感创下的2017年日历。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Ashemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《善待》杂志与摄影师大卫·阿西梅雷合作,推出2017年的“皮雷里”式日历。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Maymere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《善待》杂志正与摄影师大卫·梅米尔合作,推出2017年由皮雷利灵感创下的2017年日历。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Jackmere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《善待》杂志正与摄影师大卫·杰克米尔合作,推出2017年由皮雷利灵感创下的2017年日历。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为2017年NUMUS日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Madonnas calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为他们的2017年NU麦当娜日历寻找下一代顶级模特。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Mas calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人士,而是在为2017年NUMAS日历寻找新一代最佳模特。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Wonders calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为他们的2017年NU奇迹日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Mothers calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为2017年的NU母亲日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Mares calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为2017年NU Mares日历寻找下一代顶级模特。
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席史蒂夫肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体重型杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Treats president Mike Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席迈克肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
Treats president Mark Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席马克肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
Treats president Tom Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待校长汤姆肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Treats president Jim Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席吉姆肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
Treats president Ken Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席肯·肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志与老学校的花花公子不同,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
I do this for women.
我这样做是为了女人。
I do this for woman.
我这么做是为了女人。
I have this for women.
我给女人买的。
Apparently he thinks the calendar is, too.
很明显,他认为日历也是一样。
Apparently he thinks the clock is, too.
很明显,他认为钟也是。
Apparently he thinks the chart is, too.
显然,他认为这张图表也是。
Apparently he thinks the Calendar is, too.
很明显,他认为日历也是。
Apparently he thinks the watch is, too.
显然他觉得这块表也是。
Apparently he thinks her calendar is, too.
很明显,他认为她的日历也是一样。
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性一样的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体,在这种裸体中,女性和男性都感到舒适,并受到女性身体这些形象的启发。”
" We want to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们想回到那些让女性和男性都感到舒适和受女性身体这些形象鼓舞的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体中去。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the Calendar.
肖在一份宣布《日历》的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性一样的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体,在这种裸体中,女性和男性都感到舒适,并受到女性身体这些形象的启发。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspire by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性都能够从女性身体的这些形象中得到舒适感和灵感的永恒而经典的裸体。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspiration by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性都能够从女性身体的这些形象中得到舒适感和灵感的永恒而经典的裸体。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and created by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性都感到舒适和由女性身体的这些形象所塑造的永恒和经典的裸体。”
Women will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
女性会希望成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women can want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
女性可以希望成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women you want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
你想成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women I want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
我想成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women will want to be a part in this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
女性会想成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特们可以在网上或亲自在公开的电话中提交图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特可以在线或亲身在公开的铸造电话中提供图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting phones in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特们可以在网上或亲自在公开的铸造手机上提交图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting interviews in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约的公开演出访谈中,模特可以在线或亲身提交图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting meetings in Los Angeles and New York.
模型可以在网上或亲自在洛杉矶和纽约的公开铸造会议上提交图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting shots in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约的公开投篮时,模型可以在线或亲自提交图片。
Greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland shark is oldest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland shark was longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland shark fossil longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰鲨 长寿命最长的脊椎动物动物录像报告
Greenland shark the longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰鲨:寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal-Video report
格陵兰鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物病毒报告
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家说,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists say the Greenland shark is the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家说,格陵兰鲨是地球上任何脊椎动物寿命最长的动物。
Scientists believe the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家认为,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists claim the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家声称,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists think the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家认为,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists suggest the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家指出,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, claims record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究鲨鱼的厄尔森(Julius Nielsen)声称,有记录显示,一只雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, thinks record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森认为,有记录显示,一只雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Hansen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·汉森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Christensen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·克里斯滕森说,有记录显示,一只雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Petersen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·彼德森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的投标
French court rejects attempt to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的企图
French court rejects bids to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops in Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops on Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆除丛林难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish stores at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆除丛林难民营仓储的投标
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林难民营内成千上万难民居住的几十间临时商店和餐馆的投标。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish tens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林难民营内成千上万难民居住的数十间临时商店和餐馆的投标。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish hundreds of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来州当局提出的拆除丛林营地数百间临时商店和餐馆的要求,那里有数千名难民居住。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozen of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林难民营内成千上万难民居住的十几家临时商店和餐馆的要求。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish eight of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林营内8个临时商店和餐馆的要求,那里有数千名难民居住。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish several of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林营内几家临时商店和餐馆的要求,那里有数千名难民居住。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camps sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应该能够淘汰营地内人们出售商品的72家临时商店,从香烟到能量饮料,提供50美分(40便士)的发型,或在临时餐馆里出售茶叶或几间欧圆基本餐具。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had claimed the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加来州当局宣称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had said the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局表示,国家应该能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had stated the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局表示,国家应该能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,这些商店出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供50美分(40便士)的理发服务,或在临时餐馆里出售茶叶或几道欧式基本餐。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had protested the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局曾抗议说,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几口欧的早餐。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risk.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire or sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,应当拆毁这些场所,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带有火灾或卫生风险。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 十分 重要, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 食物 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were essential, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 是 必不可少 的, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食, 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were crucial, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭 说, 商店 和 餐馆 是 关键 的, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食 没有 提供 足够 的 食物, 使 难民营 中 的 人数 不断 增加 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were important, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 是 重要 的, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食, 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were necessary, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭 说, 商店 和 餐馆 是 必要 的, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食, 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were valuable, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 很有 价值, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食 没有 提供 足够 的 食物 供 难民营 中 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter or free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所或免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free food to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费食物。
They argued The makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆经常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued were makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为是临时商店,餐馆经常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued was makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为是临时商店和餐馆,经常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但是他说,加来州长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 29 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐经营这29家临时商店的人没有法律依据,但是他说,加来州州长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 27 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐经营这27家临时商店的人没有法律依据,但表示加来州州长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 11 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐经营这11家临时商店的人没有法律依据,但表示加来州州长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the three makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐经营三家临时商店的人没有法律依据,但表示加来州州长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the two makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔法庭裁定,驱逐两家临时商店的营业员没有法律依据,但表示加来省长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and activists.
他说,这些空间为难民和积极分子提供了平静的交汇点。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and protesters.
他说,这些空间为难民和示威者提供了平静的交汇点。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and NGOs.
他说,这些空间为难民与非政府组织之间的会面提供了平静的场所。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and Volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和义工提供了平静的交汇点。
He said the spaces provided quiet meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了安静的会聚点。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Books Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林丛书《孩子咖啡屋》,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
a of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
of of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
在威胁要拆除的地方中,有营地的丛林书儿童"咖啡屋",该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
the of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
曾受破坏威胁的地方是营地的丛林书儿童"咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为营地中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了一份保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition for protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了一份保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition will protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了一份请愿书,以保护孩子们的咖啡馆。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition fight protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition help protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人已经签署了一份保护孩子的“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids " café.
超过17万人签署了一份保护孩子的“咖啡”请愿书。
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian warned its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中警告说,“对于这些孩子来说,这将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian stated its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian announced its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给卫报的信宣布关闭,“对于这些孩子来说,这将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数急剧增长之后人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge aux Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,两个名为“帮助难民”的慈善机构和L'Auberge aughe Guigrants表示,丛林营地的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数急剧增长之后人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge les Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,两个名为“帮助难民”和“移民”的慈善机构估计,丛林营地的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季来临时急剧增加以来人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the high ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数剧增之后人数最多的一年。
" This 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
这五千元的补贴解决了我急需钱的问题。
" This 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of me pressing need for money. "
这五千元的补贴解决了我急需钱的问题。
" The 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
5000元的补贴解决了我急需资金的问题。
" A 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
5000元的补贴解决了我急需资金的问题。
" That 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
那五千元的补贴解决了我急需钱的问题。
" It 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
5000元的补贴解决了我急需资金的问题。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mupo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇穆坡村贫困女童,接受华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Yupo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县长乐镇雅福村贫困登记女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mopo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇莫坡村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Maopo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇茅坡村贫困登记女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mapo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇麻木村贫困的登记女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 5000-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了5000元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 500-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了500元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a thousand-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了1000元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 000-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了1000元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a [UNK]-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了源金补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a USD-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了美元-元补贴。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38亿元的助学金。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan for over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共对690余名贫困大学生提供了28.38亿元的补助。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
基金会还为经济情况极其差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them achieve their study.
它还为经济条件极差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them fulfill their study.
基金会还为经济情况极其差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them progress their study.
它还为经济情况极差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们继续学习。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them pursue their study.
它还为经济条件极差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们继续学习。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them further their study.
它还为经济条件极差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们继续学习。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学费。在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。她感激地说。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never realised to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学习费用,在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未意识到这一点。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never realized to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学费,在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未意识到这一点。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never considered to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学费。在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未考虑过这个问题。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never thought to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学习费用,在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father died away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学费,在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2,100多万元。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this opening half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年半年共向13,140名贫困学生筹集各种扶贫资金2,100多万元。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 22 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2,200多万元。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 33 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生筹集各种扶贫资金3300多万元。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 23 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2300多万元。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 17 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生筹集各种扶贫资金1,700多万元。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
县内所有应当得到资助的贫困学生都得到了财政资助。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been funded financially.
县内所有应当得到资助的贫困学生都得到了资金资助。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be funded have been supported financially.
县内所有应获得资助的贫困学生都得到了财政资助。
and poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
在财政上支持了本县贫困学生。
the poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
该县贫困学生应该得到资助。
of poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
对本县贫困学生应给予资助。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在一名交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box dropped down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在一名交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box crashed down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在一名交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱撞到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米处。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box smashed down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱撞到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米处。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box collapsed down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱倒在绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane by the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)在悉尼歌剧院推出自其成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 153 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.53亿美元)来启动自悉尼歌剧院成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 152 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.52亿美元)来启动自悉尼歌剧院成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 157 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.57亿美元)来启动自悉尼歌剧院成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 156 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.56亿美元)来启动自悉尼歌剧院成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 151 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.51亿美元)在悉尼歌剧院进行自其成立以来规模最大的翻新。
The New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The New South Wales government said the renovations would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The New South Wales government said the renovated would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The New South Wales government said the redevelopment would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,重建不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The New South Wales government said the renovation would not alter the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The New South Wales government said the renovation would not restore the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会恢复歌剧院的外壳形状。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,建于1973年。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and constructed in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,建于1973年,每年约有800万游客参观。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and completed in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师约恩乌通设计,于1973年竣工,每年约有800万游客参观。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and opened in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,于1973年启用。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住六个月以上的非永久性居民,在北京有稳定合法的工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for longer than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,在北京有稳定合法就业或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的非永久性居民,可以申请居留证。
and-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,在北京有稳定合法工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的永久居民,可以申请居留证。
the-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,在北京有稳定合法工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的常住居民,可以申请居留证。
of-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,在北京有稳定合法工作或者住宿条件或者继续学习条件的永久居民,可以申请居留证。
to-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,在北京有稳定合法工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的永久居民,可以申请居留证。
Recently, the launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的实施细节的出台表明,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, the launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded into " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的实施细节的出台表明,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, the launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded as " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的实施细节的出台表明,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, the launching of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的实施细节的出台表明,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, the release of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近发布了《居留证暂行条例》的实施细节,表明"临时居留证"将升级为"居留证"。
Recently, the launched of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近推出的《居留证暂行条例》实施细则表明,"临时居留证"将升级为"居留证"。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permits " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residency permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " meant that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡意味着,中国政府将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " will that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,将使北京对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 460 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,460起违法“黑名单”案件。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 530 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,530起违法“黑名单”案件。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 370 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,370起违法“黑名单”案件。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 435 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,435起违法“黑名单”案件。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 375 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,375起违法“黑名单”案件。
It is understood that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据了解,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It is understood that in July 2014, SAT took the first step among the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据了解,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门之间迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It is known that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
众所周知,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It is know that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It is documented that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
有文件证明,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门采取第一个步骤,在税收抵免管理办法的同时,发布了重大违反税规定行为的信息披露方法。
It is believed that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据信,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal foundation, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除违法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal bases, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal foundations, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal structure, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律结构、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"中。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal background, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律背景、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”党采取相关纪律措施.
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments may take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门可以对“黑名单”当事人采取相应的纪律措施.
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments often take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门经常对“黑名单”政党采取相应的纪律措施.
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments can take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门可以对“黑名单”政党采取相应的纪律措施.
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments are take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门对“黑名单”党采取相关纪律措施.
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments must take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门必须对“黑名单”当事人采取相应的纪律措施.
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,它表明我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which shows that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,它表明我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which demonstrates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,它表明我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit restoration mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用恢复机制是构建全社会税收信用体系乃至信用体系的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit recovery mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用追偿机制是构建全社会税收抵偿制度乃至信用制度的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用制度建设日趋成熟。
" The credit replacement mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用置换机制是我国税收抵免制度乃至整个社会税收抵免制度建设的重要里程碑,它标志着我国社会信用制度建设日趋成熟。
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the method of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the system of production and living. "
环境问题主要表现在大气、水和土壤污染上,但根源还在于生产和生活系统。
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the methods of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the modes of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the lifestyle of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产和生活的生活方式。”
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 22 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到22%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 23 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到23%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous region of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces or autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在中国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces including autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在包括自治区在内的全国各省中名列前茅。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
因此,在生产和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用等问题。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life style.
因此,高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用问题在生产和生活方式的转变中基本上没有得到解决。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life modes.
因此,在生产和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用等问题。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life patterns.
因此, 在 生产 和 生活 方式 的 转变 中 根本 没有 解决 高 污染 、 大量 能源 消耗 和 土地 占用 的 问题 。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life ways.
因此, 在 生产 和 生活 方式 的 转变 中 根本 没有 解决 高 污染 、 大量 能源 消耗 和 土地 占用 的 问题 。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life types.
因此, 高 污染 、 大量 能源 消耗 和 土地 占用 的 问题 在 生产 和 生活 类型 的 转变 中 没有 得到 根本 的 解决 。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu topped in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的全方位和各个层次的生态环境建设的视角出发,在全国排名第一位,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu leads in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的全方位、各个层次、各个层次的建设入手,引领全国,但另一方面,资源环境压力巨大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu ranks in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu ranked in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu first in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的全美各层次和阶层的建设入手,但另一方面,资源和环境压力巨大。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
要切实推进生态环境保护和治理,就要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,推动民生的转变。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and behaviour and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
切实推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产行为转变,促进民生转变。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and behavior and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
切实推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与行为的转变,促进民生的转变。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and living and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
切实推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活转变,促进民生转变。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lives and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
切实推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产和生活转变,促进民生转变。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and life and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
切实推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产和生活转变,促进民生转变。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,郭淀集团生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 44 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,国电集团生产的44个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 36 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,国电集团生产的36个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 41 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,国电集团生产的41个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 28 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,国电集团生产的28个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 27 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,国电集团生产的27个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,郭店集团共将163套风力发电项目从连云港出口到南非。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 161 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,郭店集团共从连云港向南非出口了161套风力发电项目。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 162 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,郭店集团共从连云港向南非出口了162套风力发电项目。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 158 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,郭店集团共从连云港向南非出口158套风力发电项目。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 167 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,郭店集团共从连云港向南非出口了167套风力发电项目。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 173 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,郭店集团共从连云港向南非出口了173套风力发电项目。
The third party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The third party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 70 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约70公里。
The third party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 35 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约35公里。
The third party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 120 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于距圣保罗市120公里的巴西圣保罗州。
The third party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 50 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约50公里。
The third party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 30 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于距圣保罗市约30公里的巴西圣保罗州。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为了敦促制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Janeiro sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为促请制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻里约热内卢总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行了深入的工作。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Brazil sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为促请生产商尽快完成生产,中国驻巴西圣保罗总领事馆派特派员前往厂家进行深入工作。
To encourage the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为了鼓励制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To advise the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为建议生产商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To aid the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为协助制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行了深入的工作。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flags production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese Flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
超时工作30小时后,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and shipped for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and assembled for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装配,并提前4-5个工作日完成了生产任务。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and lifted for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产,并被吊起来运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克组织委员会接获国旗后将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese ambassador in Brazil.
据报道,国旗将于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克奥组委接获国旗后,将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使的监督下进行。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese Embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克奥组委接获国旗后将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
( This newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加。
( This newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 150 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请150多家上海企业参加,20多个湖通工业码头项目,价值不低于1亿元人民币。
( This newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 120 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了120多家上海企业参加。
( This newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 40 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,40多个价值不低于1亿元人民币的湖通工业对接项目得到了现场签署。
( This newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 15 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加。
( This newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 10 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参展。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的20个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, new services and other industries.
同时签署的20个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、新服务等行业。
The 25 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的25个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 15 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的15个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 18 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的18个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 30 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的30个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first trial city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12个试验城市,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first pilot city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12个试点城市,也是山东首个使用和排放贸易的试点城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first demonstration city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12个示范城市,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first test city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国第12位,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的试验城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first experimental city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国第12位,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的实验城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first prototype city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12位,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的原型城市。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月第11日,许多公司来到青岛市排放交易中心提交废气排放认购单,接受后须支付费用。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came at the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月11日,许多公司来到青岛市排放交易中心,提交排放认购书,接受后须支付费用。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions listing. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月第11天,许多公司来到青岛市排放交易中心提交排放清单,接受后将支付费用。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions membership. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月第11天,许多公司来到青岛市排放交易中心,提交排放会员资格,接受后应支付费用。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions license. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月第11日,许多公司来到青岛市排放交易中心提交排放许可证,接受后须支付费用。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions licence. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月十一日,多间公司前往青岛市排放交易中心递交排放许可证,接受后须缴交费用。
The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首次单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
the upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
to upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
对即将到来的首笔单笔交易也表明青岛排放量交易试点正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
and upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
以及即将到来的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放交易试点正式启动。这也是山东首个排放交易,也是中国首个城市级排放交易。
of upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首笔单笔交易也表明青岛排放量交易试点正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
in upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
在即将到来的首笔单笔交易中,也显示出青岛排放量交易试点正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The upcoming first single transactions also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首次单项交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易和中国首个城市级排放量交易。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛双岛精细化工 ( Group ) 有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Director of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工股份有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhang Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工有限公司总经理张秀平来到交易中心,递交废气排放认购单。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Liu Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工股份有限公司总经理刘秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Wang Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,清道顺涛精细化工有限公司总经理王秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Yan Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工有限公司总经理严秀平来到交易中心,提交废气排放认购单。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,位于青岛老城区的工厂全部停止运行,并迁至平都新厂。
Its plant in the old urban zone of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,在青岛老城区的工厂全部停止,并被转移到了平都的新工厂。
Its plant in the old urban district of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
其位于青岛老城区的工厂因环境原因全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu because to environmental reason.
其位于青岛老城区的工厂因环境原因全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a complete halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
其位于青岛老城区的工厂因环境原因完全停产,迁至平都新厂。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a total halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
其位于青岛老城区的工厂因环境原因全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
After Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
of Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
and Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
the Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
in Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
to Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为641,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff shall finish review within 7 working days.
按照青岛物价局和财政部规定的收集标准,初步排放成本估计为641,200元,从业人员应在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff should finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部规定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为641,200元,从业人员应在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff must finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为641,200元,员工必须在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 651, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为651,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 631, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为631,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
the upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首笔单笔交易也预示着青岛市排放交易试点将正式启动,也是山东首笔排放交易,也是中国首个城市级排放交易。
to upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
对即将到来的首笔单笔交易也预示着青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
and upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
和即将到来的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
of upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首笔单笔交易也预示着青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
in upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
在即将到来的首笔单笔交易中,也显示出青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动。这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The upcoming first single transactions also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首次单项交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前投资4亿元用于环保事业,对企业管理理念和社会效益有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact in the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前投资4亿元用于环保事业,对企业管理理念和社会效益有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 300 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前投资3亿元以上的环保资金,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 500 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前投资5亿元以上的环保资金,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management principles and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前我国对环境保护的投入高达4亿元人民币,对企业管理的原则和社会效益具有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management concept and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前我国对环境保护的投入高达4亿元人民币,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来购买其项目的排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On the same Day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来购买其项目的排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. officially came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司正式为该项目购买排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. approved came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司获准为其项目购买排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior components of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来为其项目购买排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部组件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior equipment of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来为其项目购买排放权,年产量为4,200台高速铁路和CRH内部设备。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514 吨和0.052 吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / yearly and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514吨和0.052吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / cycle and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需求 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为0.514 吨/周期和0.052 吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / 2009 and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 (NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为0.514吨/2009和0.052吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / 2012 and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 (NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为2012年的0.514吨和每年的0.052吨。
The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的有偿使用和交易覆盖了该市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The paid usage and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染剂排放许可证的付费使用和交易覆盖了该市主要的电力和热能生产和供应工业企业。
The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heating.
空气污染物排放许可证的有偿使用和交易覆盖了该市生产和供应电力和供暖的主要工业企业。
The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's major industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的有偿使用和交易覆盖了该市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's main industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的有偿使用和交易涵盖该市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's important industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的有偿使用和交易覆盖了该市重要的电力和热能生产与供应工业企业。
On January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
2016年1月1日起,取得环境影响评价的当前排污单位,免予补用。
On January 1, 2016, the present pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
2016年1月1日起,取得环境影响评价的现有排污单位免予补用。
On January 1, 2016, the currently pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
2016年1月1日起,取得环境影响评价的现有排污单位免予补用。
On January 1, 2016, the existing pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
截止2016年1月1日,获得环境影响评价的现有排污单位,应当免除补偿性使用费用。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies can discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司可以随意排放污染物。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies may discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司可以随意排放污染物。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies must discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司必须随意排放污染物。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is no equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权并不等于获得非法排放,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is only equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
赔偿排放权的取得与非法排放的取得是等同的,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises must be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污企业必须按照有关法律法规进行处罚,允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via buying emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污的企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权来规避处罚。
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via selling emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污的企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过销售排放权来规避处罚。
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via trading emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过排放权交易规避处罚。
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via acquiring emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污的企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过获得排放权来规避处罚。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业的排污行为,保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violation through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental abuses through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental practices through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境行为,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standards discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境侵权行为,严惩企业的排污行为,保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over norm discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境违规,严惩企业的违规排放行为,保护环境和公共卫生。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,珍惜了有限的排放,减少了污染物的排放。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished reduced emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,重视减排和减少污染物排放。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished controlled emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了污染控制、控制排放和减少污染物排放的热情。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished regulated emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了污染控制、受规管排放和污染物减排的热情。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limiting emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,重视限制排放和减少污染物排放。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished reducing emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,重视减排和减少污染物排放。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a aware market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a free market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为自由市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior to a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the Government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
This right is essentially the rights of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利基本上是排放国占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
This right is basically the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利基本上是排放者占有、使用和利用环境能力资源并从中获益的权利。
This right is practically the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实际上是排放者占有、使用和利用环境能力资源并从中获益的权利。
This right is literally the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实际上是排放者占有、使用和利用环境能力资源并从中获益的权利。
This right is technically the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
从技术上讲,这项权利是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
Next, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源开始通过货币交换交换交换排放容量。
Next, under the principle that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,根据污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的原则,污染物内部资源开始通过货币兑换交换来交换排放能力。
Next, under the hypothesis that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的假设下,污染的内在资源开始通过货币交换来交换排放能力。
Next, under the assumption that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的假设下,污染内部资源开始通过货币兑换交换来交换排放能力。
Next, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emissions volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源开始通过货币兑换交换来交换排放能力。
Next, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable discharge volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,污染物内部资源开始通过货币交换交换来交换排放容量。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,美利坚合众国自1970年代以来就一直将其用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1967, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯于1967年提出排放权交易以来,自1970年代以来,美利坚合众国就一直将其用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the U States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,美国自1970年代以来就一直将其应用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the Union States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,自1970年代以来,美利坚合众国就一直将其应用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the States States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,自1970年代以来,美利坚合众国就一直将其用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economists Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,自1970年代以来,美利坚合众国就一直将其应用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
自2007年试点以来,已有浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 实施。
Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 13 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
自2007年试点以来,已有浙江、江苏等13个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 实施。
Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 15 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
自2007年试点以来,已有浙江、江苏等15个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 实施。
Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 11 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
自2007年试点以来,已有浙江、江苏等11个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 实施。
Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 12 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
自2007年试点以来,已有浙江、江苏等12个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 实施。
Since its experiment in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
自2007年中国试点以来,已有浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 实施。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地撤走若干俄罗斯战斗人员提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide assistance.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标进行空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地起飞,以提供援助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide help.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标进行空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地撤走,以提供帮助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide cover.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地撤走,以提供掩护。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers against the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内的"伊斯兰国"目标进行空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six heavy bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标的6架重型轰炸机进行空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implement since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be effective since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将于2月27日生效。
On February 23 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月23日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 21 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月21日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 18 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月18日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Movement ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世运动"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Alliance ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救国联盟"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Brigade ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世旅"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Watch ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世观察"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Iraq ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救国"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian troops will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯部队 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian personnel will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 人员 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living condition of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living situation of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 状况 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living life of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
他 还 说, 如果 极端 主义 势力 没有 受到 打击, 这些 势力 将 扩大 到 俄罗斯 。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be expanded to Russia.
他还说,如果不打击极端势力,这些势力将扩大到俄罗斯。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extend to Russia.
他还说,如果极端分子没有受到打击,这些势力将扩大到俄罗斯。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Moscow.
他 还 说, 如果 极端 主义 势力 没有 受到 打击, 这些 势力 将 扩大 到 莫斯科 。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, those forces will be extended to Russia.
他 还 说, 如果 极端 主义 势力 没有 受到 打击, 这些 势力 将 扩大 到 俄罗斯 。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, this forces will be extended to Russia.
他还说,如果极端分子没有受到打击,这些势力将扩大到俄罗斯。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq on this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would increase cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
In September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年9月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
In September 2015, Russia, at the request of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年9月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的请求,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
On March 15 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 15日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 15 this year, Russia's major military troops began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 15日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 方面 保证 继续 保留 驻 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 驻 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 15 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base at Tartus.
今年 3月 15日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 16 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 16日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 14 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 14日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 6 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 6日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 方面 保证 继续 保留 驻 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 驻 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君树立了一个好榜样:继承一栋100年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In the case of renovating old homes and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡的情况下,何培君树立了一个好榜样:继承了一座100年的老房子,并讲述了有关土地遗产的故事。
In the case of renovating old house and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君举了个好例子:继承一栋百年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, Chen Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
陈佩君在家乡修缮老房子,成功创办新房方面树立了榜样:继承一座百年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, She Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修缮老房子和成功创办家乡时,石培君树立了一个好榜样:继承了一座100年的老房子,并讲述了有关土地遗产的故事。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, Ye Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在装修老房子和成功创办家乡时,叶佩君树立了一个好榜样:继承了一座100年的老房子,并讲述了有关土地遗产的故事。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of views or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种观点或寻求内心平静。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas and seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种各样的思想,寻求内心的平静。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, offering a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,提供各种想法或寻求内心平静。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, giving a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,提出各种想法或寻求内心平静。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, seeking a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人访问Zhushan,寻求各种想法或寻求内心平静。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子相伴。无论强弱,都不必让任何一方受对方的支配。这种关系是温和的。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is peaceful.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子相伴。无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的管辖,这种关系是和平的。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is pleasant.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子相伴。无论强弱,都不必让任何一方受对方的支配。这种关系是令人愉快的。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is comfortable.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子相伴。无论强弱,都不必让任何一方受另一方的支配。这种关系是舒适的。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is familiar.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子相伴。无论强弱,都不必让任何一方受对方的支配,这种关系是熟悉的。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is natural.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子相伴。无论强弱,都不必让任何一方受对方的支配,这种关系是自然的。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
没有固定的农村发展模式,但是要依靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一是让正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to village.
没有固定的农村发展模式,但是要依靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一是让正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite hard to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
没有固定的农村发展模式,但是要依靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一是让正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite challenging to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
农村发展没有固定的模式,但仅仅依靠自发的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一是让正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural change. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
没有固定的农村发展模式,但是要依靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一是让正确的人去农村。
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制部门最近使用电子警察来监控司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a month.
上海松江区交通管制处最近使用电子警察来监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一个月中发现了30多起。
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a day.
上海松江区交通管制处最近使用电子警察来监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果每日侦破30多起。
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 40 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制处最近使用电子警察来监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现40多起。
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to check whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制处最近利用电子警察检查司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to observe whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制处最近利用电子警察观察司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越滑稽了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more humorous. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机变得越来越幽默。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车时也停不下来。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more joking. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越闹了起来。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more jokes. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越成为了笑话。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more comedy. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越喜剧化了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the mobile for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越滑稽了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车时也不能停止。
According to " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According to " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior causing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 导致安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According to " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior affecting safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 影响安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According to " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined for " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 防止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According to " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe drivers ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶者的行为 ”.
According to " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe Driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
遗憾的是,由于一些原因,如违法案件数量众多,难以取得证据,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been prosecuted and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
遗憾的是,由于一些原因,如违法案件数量众多,难以取得证据,这些人从未被起诉,使法律成为装饰品。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in getting evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
不幸的是,由于大量违法案件和难以取得证据等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为一种装饰。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtain evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
不幸的是,由于大量违法案件和难以取得证据等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为一种装饰。
of, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
由于违法案件多、取证困难等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
in, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
由于违法案件多、取证困难等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
If the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门下定决心对手机游戏行为宣战,同时驾驶和规范此类措施,则此类非法行为必将受到遏制。
If the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, these illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门在驾驶时对手机游戏行为宣战并将这些措施规范化,这些违法行为必将受到遏制。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口管理应当严格,逐步建立户口无户口人电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The public security organ shall be strict with households registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口登记实行严格管理,逐步建立户口没有户口的户口电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The public security organ shall be strict with family registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关应当严格实行户籍管理,逐步建立户籍无户口人的电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper file for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口管理应当严格,逐步建立户口无户口人电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper records for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口管理应当严格,逐步对户口没有户口的户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口口口口户口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口口
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper registers for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口管理应当严格,逐步对户口没有户口的人建立电子和纸质登记,保证户口完整有效。
The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,公安机关应当及时通知有关部门。
The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant ministries of the registration of people without Hukou.
公安机关应当将户口不登记的情况及时通知有关部委。
The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant department of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,公安机关应当及时通知有关部门。
The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of persons without Hukou.
未经户口登记,公安机关应当及时通知有关部门。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将获得集中清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a central cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将获得中央清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a unified cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将获得统一的清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a coordinated cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将获得协调的清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a comprehensive cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将受到全面清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a direct cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将受到直接清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,48岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 47-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,47岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 46-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,46岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 54-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,54岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 44-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,44岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 58-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,58岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
There are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
有150英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
There are 250 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
有250英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
There are 200 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
有200英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
There are 180 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
这儿有180英亩的果园和10多种种的果园,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
There are 300 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
有300英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
There are 120 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
有120英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
Last year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
去年的收入是5万元人民币,因为年纪这么大,所以在工厂工作,挣不了那么多。
Last year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work at the factory because of such age.
去年的收入总共是5万元人民币,因为年纪这么大,所以在工厂工作我挣不了那么多。
and year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
年收入是5万元人民币,因为这个年龄我在工厂工作,所以不能挣这么多钱。
of year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
年收入是5万元人民币,因为这个年龄我在工厂工作,所以不能挣这么多钱。
to year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
5.到现在为止,我的工资是五万元人民币,因为年纪这么大,所以在工厂里工作,挣不了多少钱。
in year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
年收入是5万元人民币,因为这个年龄我在工厂工作,所以不能挣这么多钱。
Last year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
去年,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which annual agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
去年,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业年收入近半年。
and year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
东林村年收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
of year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
东林村年收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
in year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
东林村年收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
to year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
东林村年收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,初期为50亩(单位面积:亩=0.667公顷),现在为100亩以上,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 1000 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,开始面积50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在1000亩以上,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over hundred mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,开始面积50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在超过100亩,农民收入逐年增加,农民职业收入每年也有增长的空间。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth each year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,开始面积50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在超过100亩,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have space for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,初期为50亩(单位面积:亩=0.667公顷),现在为100亩以上,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
With shares quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民份额的量化,农村集体经济改革的亮点是明确农村集体经营的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With shares quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reforms is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民份额的量化,农村集体经济改革的亮点是明确农村集体管理的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With shares quantifying to each villagesr, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民份额的量化,农村集体经济改革的亮点是明确农村集体管理的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With shares quantifying to each localr, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
农村集体经济改革的突出点是明确农村集体经营的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With shares quantifying to each ruralr, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
农村集体经济改革的突出点是明确农村集体经营的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With shares quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clearer about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民份额的量化,农村集体经济改革的突出点是农村集体管理的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
两个机构由两个机构组成,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management abuses.
由于两个机构存在,这可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理的滥用。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management fraud.
由于两个机构存在,这可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理欺诈。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management activities.
两个机构由两个机构组成,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理活动。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can avoid the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
两个机构由两个机构组成,可以避免村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can reduce the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
两个机构由两个机构组成,可以减少村级干部参与集体资产管理腐败的情况。
Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱保平表示,江苏政府的下一步工作是继续推进社区合作体制改革,鼓励农民共同发展和建立村级民主权力运行机制。
Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, announced that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱保平宣布,江苏省政府下一步将继续推进社区合作体制改革,鼓励农民联合发展,建立村级民主权力运行机制。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行修正,并产生明确的产权。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce complete property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行整顿,并生产完整的产权。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce legal property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行整顿,并产生合法的产权。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce new property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行整顿,并产生新的产权。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce Clear property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行整顿,并实现产权明确。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce secure property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行整顿,并生产有保障的产权。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmer with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic Management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of collaboration.
通过互联网+,我们将为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of agriculture.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为农业规范化机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanisms of cooperation.
通过互联网+,我们将为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为标准化的合作机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights to standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,我们将为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为标准化的合作机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights in standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权、民主管理权,在规范化的合作机制下,实现农民的知情权、参与权、民主管理权。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights a standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,我们将为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为一个标准化的合作机制。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights as standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,转变规范合作机制等权利。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly comprises of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合开发等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly involves of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业股份、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly consist of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly includes of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业股份、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly comprise of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合开发等四大发展模式。
It is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览会已成为发展 “ 带道倡议 ” 的重要平台.
It is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important basis for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览会已成为发展 “ 带道倡议 ” 的重要基础.
It is appreciated that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
感谢海外展览会成为发展 “ 带道倡议 ” 的重要平台.
It is clear that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
很显然,海外展览会已成为“带与道”发展的重要平台。
It is understood that overseas exhibits have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展品已成为 “ 带与道 ” 发展的重要平台.
It is understood that overseas exhibition have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览已成为 “ 带与道 ” 发展的重要平台.
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integration platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition independent platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览独立平台奠定了良好基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition competitive platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览竞争平台奠定了良好基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition business platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览业务平台奠定了良好基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition Integration platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好基础。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
提高体育水平将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demands, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
提高体育水平将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer need, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
提高体育水平将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer needs, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
环评将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer growth, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
环评将始终着眼于促进消费者增长,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer competition, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
环评将始终着眼于促进消费者竞争,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
Hamir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
哈米尔还说,另有34人受伤,其中3名消防队员受轻伤,已出院。
Hamir also said that another 32 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
哈米尔还说,另有32人受伤,其中3名消防队员受轻伤,已出院。
Hamir also said that another 37 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
哈米尔还说,另有37人受伤,其中3名消防队员受轻伤,已出院。
Hamir also said that another 36 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
哈米尔还说,另有36人受伤,其中3名消防队员受轻伤,已出院。
Hamir also said that another 33 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
哈米尔还说,另有33人受伤,其中3名消防队员受轻伤,已出院。
Hamir also said that another 29 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
哈米尔还说,另有29人受伤,其中3名消防队员受轻伤,已出院。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他还呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he also asked on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他也要求壁炉的居民与当局联系。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he also contacted on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他也联系了壁炉的居民,与当局联系。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he also sent on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他也派壁炉的居民与当局联系。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he then called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他随后呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he later called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他后来呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 住在这间公寓已经30年的杜雷女士 ( 玛丽亚娜·图雷 ) 说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Duray ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 住在这间公寓已经30年的杜雷女士 ( 玛丽亚娜·杜雷 ) 说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 25 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 杜雷女士 ( MarianaTuray ) 已经在这个公寓生活了25年,她说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 35 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 住在这间公寓已经35年的杜雷女士 ( MarianaTuray ) 说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 40 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 住在这间公寓已经40年的杜雷女士 ( 玛丽亚娜·图雷 ) 说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 20 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 杜雷 ( MarianaTuray ) 女士在这座公寓生活了20年,她说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报告,当地消防队花了一个小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return within a few hours.
据报告,当地消防队花了一个小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return after a few hours.
据报告,当地消防队花了一个小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,附近建筑物的居民在几个小时后被允许返回。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return for a few hours.
据报告,当地消防队花了一个小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,附近建筑物的居民被允许返回数小时。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 30 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报, 当地 消防队 花了 一 个 小时 和 30 分钟 来 扑灭 火灾, 几 小时 内 允许 附近 建筑物 的 居民 返回 。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 80 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至80人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 90 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至90人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 50 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至50人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 65 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至65人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 40 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至40人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
8月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉丁香“鹤湖 ” 开幕.
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane lake ".
8月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城“鹤湖 ” 开幕.
On August 10, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
8月10日, 第一届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉丁香“鹤湖 ” 开幕.
On August 12, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
8月12日, 第一届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉丁香“鹤湖 ” 开幕.
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off on Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
8月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城“鹤湖 ” 开幕.
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off in Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
8月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉丁香“鹤湖 ” 开幕.
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占锦州GDP的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 12. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占锦州GDP的10%,到2015年达到12.3%。
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 14. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占锦州GDP的10%,2015年达到14.3%。
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 13. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占锦州GDP的10%,2015年达到13.3%。
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for a % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占金州GDP的比重达到11.3%.
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for of % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的%,到2015年达到11.3%。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济开发区、灵海市中心区50公里、盘锦市70公里处的灵海一段,是淮城湿地温泉旅游区。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Springs tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
京州市淮底城湿地温泉旅游区位于岭海路1号、滨海公路、大乐经济发展区和金州市,离岭海市市区50公里,离盘金市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
温泉旅游区位于锦州市海公路、海公路、大乐经济开发区一号,离岭海市市区50公里,离盘锦市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Water tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
淮底城湿地热水游览区位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济开发区一号岭海段,离岭海市市区50公里,离盘金市70公里。
There are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有3000平方米的温泉浴场和4600平方米的室外泉水。
There are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4500-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有3000平方米的温泉浴场和4500平方米的室外泉水。
There are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4800-square-meter outdoor spring.
有3000平方尺的室内温泉浴场和4800平方尺的室外泉水。
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " reverse "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 促使她开始了拍摄生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting talent, which saw several " reverse "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始射击才华, 看了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting artist, which saw several " reverse "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始拍摄艺术家, 看了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " reversed "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 促使她开始了拍摄生涯, 几度“ 倒转 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " reversal "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始拍摄事业, 目睹了几次 “ 逆转 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " turns "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始拍摄事业, 目睹了几个 “ 转弯 ”
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏是厦门乡东公园村的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 66-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏是厦门乡东公园村的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了66英寸的电视机。
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 28-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏是厦门乡东公园村的村民,几天前把他28英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 31-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏是厦门乡东公园村的村民,几天前把他31英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 25-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏是厦门乡东公园村的村民,几天前把他25英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 24-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏,厦门乡东公园村的村民,几天前把他的24英寸旧电视改成了65英寸电视。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
那位普通的农夫有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的人。
The ordinary farmers has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
普通农民有一个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的人。
The ordinary farming has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
平凡的农场有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是在11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的女运动员。
The ordinary farm has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
平凡的农场有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的公主。
The ordinary woman has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
那位老妇人有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的女子。
The ordinary girl has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
那位普通的女孩有一个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的女子。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇和他们的数十个亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,从几乎在预演中被淘汰到几乎获胜。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their hundreds of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇及其数百名亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,即追赶和扭转,从几乎在初选中被淘汰到几乎获胜。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their thousands of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇及其数千名亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,即追赶和扭转,从几乎在初选中被淘汰到几乎获胜。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their multitude of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇及其众多的亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,即追赶和扭转,从几乎在初选中被淘汰到几乎获胜。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their hundred of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇及其成百上千的亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,即追赶和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰到几乎获胜。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their thousand of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇及其数千名亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,即追赶和扭转,从几乎在初选中被淘汰到几乎获胜。
At the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下,她似乎离决赛还很远。
At the game, Zhang Bin Li was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下半场,她似乎离决赛还很远。
At the game, Zhang Bin Qi was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌齐被评为中下半场,她似乎离决赛还很远。
At the game, Zhang Bin Wei was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌卫被评为中下半场,她似乎离决赛还很远。
At the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it appeared she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下半场,她似乎离决赛还很远。
At the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far out from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下,她似乎离决赛还很远。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her house.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her household.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,家里响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her family.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家里爆发出一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her friends.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,最终进入决赛,此时她的朋友中爆发出一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her parents.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她的父母大为欢呼。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the medalist.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,赢得银牌后仅0. 2 枚奖牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champions.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the winner.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在获胜者身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the favorite.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,赢得银牌后仅0.2枚最喜欢的戒指。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the gold.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳定,在金牌后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次未能夺得银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually misses the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次错过了银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missing the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次丢失了银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually miss the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次错过了银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting record, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击记录中,多次没有夺得银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting title, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击比赛中,多次没有夺得银牌。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their hesitation.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿犹豫不决地从她村里派了几个“小劝阻者”。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their reluctance.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿带着不情愿从她村里派了几个“小劝阻者”。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their confusion.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿把一些“小劝阻者”从她村里送来,使他们感到困惑。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their doubt.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿从她村里派了几个“小劝阻者”去疑惑。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their surprise.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿从她村里派了几个“小劝阻者”出来,让他们大吃一惊。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their hope.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她的女儿抱着希望,从她村里派了几个“小劝阻者”出来。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝说者是她村里的男孩和女孩,他们被推荐同时参加训练,包括张斌的表弟。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were suggested to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝说者是她村里的男孩和女孩,他们被建议同时参加训练,包括张斌的表弟。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were requested to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝说者是她村庄的男孩和女孩,他们被要求同时参加培训,包括张斌的表弟。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were invited to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝说者是她村里的男孩和女孩,他们同时被邀请参加培训,包括张斌的表弟。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were proposed to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝说者是她村里的男孩和女孩,他们被提议同时参加训练,包括张斌的表弟。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were advised to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝说者是她村里的男孩和女孩,他们被告知同时参加训练,包括张斌的表弟。
Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
刚来到厦门队,张斌又主动回到湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just After coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
刚来到厦门队,张斌又主动回到湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Bin Wei once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
刚来到厦门队,张斌薇再次主动返回湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulty.
刚来到厦门队,张斌又主动回到湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family problems.
刚来到厦门队,张斌又主动回到湘安学校,因为她的家庭问题。
Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family issues.
刚来到厦门队,张斌又主动回到湘安学校,因为她的家庭问题。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了厦门队。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Qiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了齐门队。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Yingamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了英门队。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Dongamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了东加门队。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Beijingamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了北京门队。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Chinaamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了中国队。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost impossible to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后几乎不可能进入国家队。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin left home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌离开了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin came home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin return home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Bin Ying returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌英回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭射击中心和福建省队的队长和教练来到了她的家,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports centre and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,也是厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports club and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,也是厦门射箭俱乐部和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports Center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,也是厦门射箭射击中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports team and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,也是厦门射箭队和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her back. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,也是厦门射箭射击中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门姑娘坚持了几次反射.
Just at Yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门女孩坚持了几次反射.
of at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
在昨天的比赛中,厦门姑娘在坚持下取得了几次反射。
and at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
在昨天的比赛中,厦门姑娘坚持了几次反射。
the at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
在昨天的比赛中,厦门姑娘坚持了几次反射。
to at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
在昨天的比赛中,厦门姑娘坚持了几次反射。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法,一旦看到她漂亮的手,我就决定抓住她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her gorgeous hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法。我一看到她的漂亮手,就决定抓住她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her lovely hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法。我一看到她可爱的手就决定抓住她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her stunning hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法。我一看到她惊人的手就决定抓住她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her amazing hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法。我一看到她惊人的手就决定抓住她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her perfect hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法,一旦看到她完美的手,我就决定抓住她。
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩并不最佳,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract trainers.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练测试中,尽管她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张宾斌吸引训练师的一个重要原因。
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract instructors.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张宾斌吸引教官的重要原因。
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract teachers.
张东红回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张宾斌吸引老师的重要原因。
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaching.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练测试中,虽然她女儿的成绩并不最佳,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张宾斌吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract trains.
张东红回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引火车的一个重要原因。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training period of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张abin的训练阶段,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training work of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练工作中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of a farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张abin的训练过程中,最给张雅洁印象深刻的是一位农妇的投入。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the contribution of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张abin的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的贡献给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the help of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的帮助才给张雅洁留下最深刻的印象。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他回忆说,一年多后,张斌进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hours.
他回忆说,一年多后,张斌进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an minutes.
他回忆说,一年多后,张斌进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求运动员在半分钟内不得动弹。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an minute.
他回忆说,一年多后,张斌进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半分钟内不得动弹。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year after, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他回忆说,在张斌一年多后进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year ago, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他回忆说,在一年多前,张斌加入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求运动员在半小时内不得动弹。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and producing toys.
张小龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,爱好绘画和制作玩具。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and producing toy.
张小龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,爱好绘画和制作玩具。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and manufacturing toys.
张晓龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,爱好绘画和制作玩具。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and creating toys.
张小龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,爱好绘画和制作玩具。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and designing toys.
张小龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,爱好绘画和设计玩具。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobby of painting and making toys.
张小龙告诉记者,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,爱好绘画和制作玩具。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡起一些残片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked up some scraps to make her own doll. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡起一些残片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Minbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,明宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Melbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,梅尔宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Tambin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,Tambin捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Shebin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
“我过去常做衣服和播种工作,舍宾捡起一些零碎的东西来做自己的娃娃。”
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能制作动画玩具从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服。
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animation toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能制作动画玩具从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服。
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make color toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服制作彩色玩具。
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make a toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,还能从娃娃的脸部特征到衣物制作玩具。
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make entire toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能把整件玩具从娃娃的脸部特征做成衣物。
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make complete toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能从娃娃的脸部特征到衣物制作成完整的玩具。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人不仅在一起,而且很分离,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
As an athletes, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人不仅在一起,而且很分离,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
As an swimmer, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
作为一名游泳运动员,张斌和她的家人不仅在一起,而且很分离,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
the an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
张斌是一名运动员,她与家人的距离比在一起还要远,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
in an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
在一个运动员中,张斌和她的家庭不是在一起,而是分开的,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
of an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
张斌与她的家人是分开的,而不是在一起的,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Bin Li seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Bin Ying seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌丁很少谈论她的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Bin Qing seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌青很少谈论她的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Bin Wei seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌薇很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Bin Qi seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌齐很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们把童年的作品和连年的荣誉都放下了。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive honors.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们把童年时的绘画和连续荣耀放下。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive childhood.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们把童年的绘画和童年的荣誉都放下了。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive lives.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们把童年时的绘画和终身的荣誉都放下了。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they hid away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们把童年的绘画和连年的荣誉藏了起来。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they kept away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
因为她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,所以她们把童年的画和多年来的荣誉保存了下来。
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她没有成为射手,她应该继续画画。”
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become sniper. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她不成为狙击手,她应该继续画。”
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become gun. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她没有成为枪手,她就应该继续画画。”
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become killer. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她不成为杀手,她应该继续画。”
Zhang Xiaolong revealed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter. "
张小龙向记者透露了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她没有成为射手,她应该继续画画。”
Zhang Xiaolong told the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter. "
张小龙把她女儿的动画秀告诉了记者:“如果她没有成为射手,她应该继续画画。”
In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
in the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
of the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的客厅里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
to the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张斌宾二楼的起居室,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
and the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的客厅里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
the the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的客厅里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This was honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This be honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后做出的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates in files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into file for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张东宏把奖章整齐地放好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣誉。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into storage for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张东宏把奖章安放整齐,把所有的证书存放起来,存放起来。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到很受重视。”
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向6个失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金,这些家庭分别位于金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief paid to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的6个家庭发放了16 000元的救济金。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief given to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向6个失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金,这些家庭分别位于金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief distributed to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的6个家庭发放了16 000元的救济金。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief donated to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向6个在金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的家庭捐赠了16 000元的救济金。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief done to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向6个失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金,这些家庭分别位于金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个慰问和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another condolence and care activities after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个慰问和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another condolence and care action after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个慰问和关怀行动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another condolence and care movement after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个慰问和关怀运动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely elderly men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个慰问和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely young men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个慰问和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的年轻人”。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,有的人死亡,有的失踪。
The 719 heavy precipitation caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719年的重降水对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,有的人死亡,有的失踪。
The 719 heavy rains caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719大雨对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡和失踪。
The 719 heavy rain caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719年的大雨对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡和失踪。
The 719 heavy moisture caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719年的潮湿对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,有的人死亡,有的失踪。
The 719 heavy flooding caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719次大洪水对河北省许多城市造成重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,造成部分人死亡和失踪。
The good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
那位好汉“老铁”在帮助社区排水时献出了自己的生命,留下一个两岁的孩子和一个带着孩子的妻子,“老铁”的动人故事使整个省会都动了起来。
The good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-in kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
那位好汉“老铁”在帮助社区排水时献出了自己的生命,留下一个两岁的小孩和一个带着孩子的妻子,“老铁”的动人故事使整个省会都动了起来。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
八月四日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到自己的家,为自己的亲人赠送了三千二百元的爱。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his house and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
8月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,向他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
8月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,向他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and activists of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
8月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的活跃分子来到他家,向他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and workers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
8月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的员工来到自己的家,向他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteer of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
8月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,向他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately agreed to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即同意在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old steel " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老钢”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old Iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old Tai " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老太”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love Charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
河北省慈秀基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈秀基金,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起,于2015年8月成立。
Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Commission, and established in August 2015.
河北省慈秀基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈秀基金,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起,于2015年8月成立。
Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Council, and established in August 2015.
河北省慈秀基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈秀基金,由河北品牌筹备理事会发起,于2015年8月成立。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月12日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 13, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月13日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 11, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
据香港东方日报8月11日报道,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括假标记钻石清晰度以提高销售价格、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 10, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月10日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 15, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月15日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 9, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
据香港东方日报8月9日报道,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括假标记钻石清晰度以提高销售价格、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cut technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland women.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆妇女欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland lady.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,受到内地女士的热烈欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland Ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,受到大陆女士们的热烈欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is highly-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年六月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个轻便的布袋,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last July to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年7月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小布袋,重量轻,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last May to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年5月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小布袋,如此轻便,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last April to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年4月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小布袋,如此轻便,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last February to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年二月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小布袋,重量轻,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last November to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向内地媒体透露了去年11月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小布袋,如此轻便,价值近100万元。
She buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她把钻石埋在内衣里,并随身携带了一整天,包括去洗手间洗澡时。
She buried the diamond in her lingerie and wore it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她把钻石埋在内衣里,整天都戴着它,包括去洗手间洗澡。
She buried the diamond in her lingerie and buried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她把钻石埋在内衣里,并把它埋了一整天,包括她上厕所洗澡时。
She buried the diamond in her lingerie and kept it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她把钻石埋在内衣里,整天都保存着,包括去洗手间洗澡的时候。
She buried the diamond in her lingerie and had it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她把钻石埋在内衣里,整天都拿着钻石,包括去洗手间洗澡的时候。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,在厦门,同样质量的钻石零售价11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per Gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,而同样质量的钻石在厦门零售价11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Hua'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,而同样质量的钻石在华门零售价11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Jia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,而同样质量的钻石在贾门零售价11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Qia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,而同样质量的钻石在齐门市的零售价是11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Donga'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,在东加门,同样质量的钻石零售价11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Dia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,而同样质量的钻石在迪亚门的零售价为11万1千元。
Recently, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
最近, 她以比她购买的价格高出120%的价格卖出了这颗钻石,赚了20万元.
and, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
而且,她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
of, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
其中,她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
the, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
她卖了这颗钻石,卖价比她买的多120%,赚了20万元。
to, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
in, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,在出入境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石会被归类为走私,可判以监禁。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and therefore belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,进出境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石可列为走私品,可判以监禁。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and hence belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,进出境时,须申报钻石。否则,钻石可列为走私品,可判以监禁。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies or necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应品,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,在出入境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石可列为走私品,可判以监禁。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies and necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应品,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,在进出境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石会被归类为走私品,可判以监禁。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer holiday, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go in Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Christina Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布英国首相克里斯蒂娜·梅将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Isabella Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布,英国首相伊莎贝拉·梅将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Angela Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布,英国首相梅安吉拉将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Francis Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布英国首相弗朗西斯梅将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Michael Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布英国首相迈克尔·梅将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Theresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布英国首相特蕾莎梅将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing House announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁宫宣布英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Post announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁邮报宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体报导,在英国在欧洲以外举行全民公投后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
According to some media, following the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体报导,继英国在欧洲以外的全民投票之后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
The British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
The British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Switzerland played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
The British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the selection of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国总理的首选中起了作用。
The British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutral nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
British " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
英国《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
British " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Switzerland after Margaret Thatcher.
英国《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
British " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss since Margaret Thatcher.
英国《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相自玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
British " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
英国《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
British " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Secretary chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
英国《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相在玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
British " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Chancellor chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
英国《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, the two male prime ministers like to go to.
两位女首相的选择与布莱尔和卡梅伦,两位男首相喜欢去的热门地方形成了鲜明对比。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot places which Blair and Cameron, the two male prime ministers like to go to.
两位女首相的人选与布莱尔和卡梅伦这两个男首相喜欢去的热门地方形成鲜明对比。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Thatcher and Cameron, the two male prime ministers like to go to.
选择两位女首相与撒切尔和卡梅伦,两位男首相喜欢去的热点地方形成鲜明对比。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德琳将于8月24日返回伦敦,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and events will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅淑仪将于8月24日回到伦敦,一系列重要的工作和事件将等待她。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and projects will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅淑仪将于8月24日回到伦敦,一系列重要的工作和项目将等待她。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and tasks will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅淑仪将于8月24日返回伦敦,她将完成一系列重要的工作和任务。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and initiatives will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德琳将于8月24日回到伦敦,一系列重要的工作和举措将等待她。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and appointments will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德丽萨将于8月24日回到伦敦,一系列重要的工作和任命将等待她。
The British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于9月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
The UK parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于9月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
The English parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于9月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在年底前启动有关《里斯本条约》的第50条。
On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the Article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在今年年底前启动与《里斯本条约》相关的第50条。
On June 21, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月21日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在今年年底前启动有关《里斯本条约》的第50条。
On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article fifty, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在年底前启动有关《里斯本条约》的第五十条。
On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article the, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在年底前开始这篇与《里斯本条约》有关的文章。
On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Brussels Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在今年年底前启动与《布鲁塞尔条约》相关的第50条。
There are 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,在安徽省位居首位。
There are 1, 325 outstanding intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山有1 325个优秀的非物质文化遗产项目,其数量和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 1, 335 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 335个,其数量和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 1, 333 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 333个,其数量和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 1, 320 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1,320个,其数量和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 1, 330 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1,330个,其数量和数量在安徽省居首位。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠口语和面对面的交流,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目正处在前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for preservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠口语和面对面的交流,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目正处在前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly depends on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要靠口语和面对面的传承,许多非物质文化遗产项目都处于祖辈辈传承失败的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly rely on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠口语和面对面的交流,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目都处于前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and person-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠口语和面对面的交流,许多非物质文化遗产项目都处于祖辈辈传承失败的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and hand-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要靠口语和亲身经历,许多非物质文化遗产项目都处于近代人传承失败的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work review, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取特别工作审查的审议,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management laws and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议,实施银行监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of supporting local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议,实施银行业监督管理法,开展支持地方经济发展专项调查。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serve local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,开展地方经济发展专项调查。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
8月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special investigation.
八月中旬,常务委员会会组织两个研究小组,在一些城市进行研究,为特别调查作好准备。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special review.
8月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为这次特别审查作准备。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special commission.
8月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为特别委员会做好准备。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special Inquiry.
8月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为特别调查作好准备。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize three research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
8月中旬,常务委员会将组织三个研究小组,在一些城市开展研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and examining the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和检查省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and studying the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和研究省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and investigating the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和调查省人民代表大会监督工作的积极探索。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and developing the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和发展省人民代表大会监督工作的积极探索。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and improving the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和改善省人民代表大会监督工作的积极探索。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省,武装警察按照省长的命令,在卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,然后前往战斗演习区。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left to the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省省长的指挥下,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,然后离开战斗演习区。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left on the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省省长的指挥下,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,然后留在战斗演习区。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left into the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省省长的指挥下,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,然后进入战斗演习区。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left at the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省省长的指挥下,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,离开战斗演习区。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left in the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省省长的指挥下,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,然后留在战斗演习区。
China's Mars program is coming
中国的火星计划即将到来
China's Mars program is Coming
中国的火星计划即将到来
China's Mars program is starting
中国的火星计划正在启动
China's Mars program is due
中国的火星计划到期了
China's Mars program is upcoming
中国的火星计划即将开始
China's Mars program is beginning
中国的火星计划已经开始
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻,这在外国从未发生过。
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in other countries.
中国火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻,而其他国家从未这样做过。
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and surveying at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
中国火星探测任务的目标是实现环绕、着陆和勘测,而这一点从未发生在国外。
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and exploring at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
中国火星探险任务的目标是实现环绕、着陆和探索,而这一点从未发生在国外。
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and watching at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
中国火星探险任务的目标是实现环绕、着陆和观看,这在外国从未发生过。
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and studying at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和研究,这在外国从未发生过。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务有相当大的难度。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulties.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务有相当大的困难。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable challenge.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务具有相当大的挑战性。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable challenges.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务具有相当大的挑战性。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable problems.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这样的任务有相当多的问题。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable complexity.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务相当复杂。
Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于火星探测器在26个月中会遇到一个时间窗口,所以专家正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年启动第一个火星探测器。
Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe around 2020.
由于火星探测器在26个月内会遇到一个时间窗口,所以专家正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年前后启动第一个火星探测器。
Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe by 2020.
由于火星探测器在26个月内会遇到一个时间窗口,所以专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年前启动第一个火星探测器。
Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe before 2020.
由于火星探测器在26个月内会遇到一个时间窗口,所以专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年前启动第一个火星探测器。
Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 years, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于火星探测器在26年中可能遇到一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务还是很必要的,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still crucial to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still vital to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still critical to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still fundamental to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still important to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然很重要,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了真正的探索太空时代。
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球距离最近,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the craft. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,而此时,发射该航天器是最为节能的。”
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the spacecraft. "
“每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,而此时,发射太空船是最为节能的。”
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the rocket. "
“每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,而此时,发射火箭是最具能量效率的。”
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the ship. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,而此时,发射这艘船是最具节能的。
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the probe. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,而此时,发射探测器是最具能量效率的。
" Taking into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征五号运载火箭将完成发射任务。
" Taking into consideration the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,完成发射任务将是中国长征五号运载火箭的任务。
" Taking into consider the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
“考虑到火星探测器的质量,完成发射任务将是中国长征五号运载火箭的任务。”
" Taking into concern the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
“考虑到火星探测器的数量,完成发射任务将是中国长征五号运载火箭的任务。”
" Taking into considerations the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,完成发射任务是中国长征五号运载火箭的任务。
" Taking into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launching mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征五号运载火箭将完成发射任务。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻的目标,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但落地失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrol at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻的目标,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但落地失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and mining at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在同时实现环绕、着陆和采矿,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但这次着陆失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and training at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在同时实现环绕、着陆和训练,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但落地失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and monitoring at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在同时实现环绕、着陆和监控,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但这次着陆失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and mapping at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在同时完成环绕、着陆和测绘任务,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但落地失败了。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detection.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space sensor.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是空间探测器,但它与一般空间传感器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover was a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive features compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive capability compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有独特的能力。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive design compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比有一个独特的设计。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving routes and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving path and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving course and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应该能够确定驾驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving trajectory and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定驱动轨迹,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving orbit and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定驱动轨道,并具备发现障碍的能力。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favour Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to support Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以支持火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has important scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has crucial scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has key scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有关键的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
目前,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the greatest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
目前,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploring almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
目前,火星已成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用空间探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the whole history of human space exploration.
目前,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Therefore, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,最终进入火星移民,它会变成人类的第二个家园。
Therefore, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned as a second home of mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天,在火星上建立一个居住基地,并最终向火星移民,它将变成人类的第二个家园。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,除非经过数十亿年的演化而进入薄薄、低温、水枯竭等大气层。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, high temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,除非经过数十亿年的演化而进入薄薄、高温、水耗等等的大气层。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, cold temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,仅在经过数十亿年的大气变薄、寒冷的温度、水枯竭等之后。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, lower temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,仅在经过数十亿年的大气演化后,火星才变得薄薄、低温、水分枯竭等等。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, higher temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,仅在经过数十亿年的大气变薄、温度升高、水枯竭等之后。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the present Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,仅在经过数十亿年的大气演化后,火星才变得薄薄、低温、水分枯竭等等。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可有助于提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help enable a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可有助于预先安排计划,防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help constitute a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可以构成预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help involve a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,用于研究的火星探测或载人着陆可能涉及预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help suggest a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可能有助于提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help in a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可能有助于预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 44 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括44次火星探测任务。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 42 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括42次火星探测任务。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 41 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括41次火星探测任务。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 45 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括45次火星探测任务。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 39 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括39次火星探测任务。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been performed.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been made.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been recorded.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,仅记录了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been reported.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只报告了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 13 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了13次月球探测。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and three Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和3个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and four Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和4个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and one Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和1个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the present Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到目前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the the Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of Moon detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of lunar detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of Earth detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比地球探测的探测要热。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and living on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷的迹象和在火星上生存。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane or life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷的迹象或生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane of life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有生命中的甲烷的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and investigate whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and examine whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
The hardest aspect of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的方面是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one time before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次空气动力形状和降落伞减速。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one moment before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一分钟的时间,以获得气动形状和降落伞减速。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and balloon deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和气球减速的机会。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and descent deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和下降减速的机会。
According to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
to to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
给中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
of to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
对中国航空航天科技公司的火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州来说,火星探测任务面临着许多技术挑战。
the to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
以中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州为例,火星探测任务面临诸多技术挑战。
and to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
对中国航空航天科技公司的火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州来说,火星探测任务面临着许多技术挑战。
According to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is faced with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According to Sun Zezhou, the chief designers of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According to Sun Zezhou, the chief design of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器的主要设计者孙泽州认为,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high error.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,存在很大的误差。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with very uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,而且非常不确定。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with great uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有极大的不确定性。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with considerable uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有相当大的不确定性。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with much uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很大的不确定性。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as their changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如它们的变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as the changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as surface changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有对火星的表面变化和风暴特征等因素有透彻的了解。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as mass changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如质量的变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as crust changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有对火星的地壳变化和风暴特征等因素有透彻的了解。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let its wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,这将导致太阳能的急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be developed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者开发一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be built for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者制造一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be planned for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者计划一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will result to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能源供应构成问题。
At the present time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
目前,火星大气层对太阳光的影响正在减小,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the other time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
在另一个时候,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the also time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对日光有降低效应,对火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supplies for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有降低效应,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy resources for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能量资源造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy source for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能量来源造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy sources for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能量源造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy feed for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,这给火星探测的能量饲料造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy power for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能量造成问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy system for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能量系统造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reduced effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光的影响也有所下降,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a decreasing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光的影响逐渐减弱,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a limiting effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有一定的影响,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a cutting effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有剪切效应,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这需要探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be bigger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这需要探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the sensor's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这需要传感器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This require that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This required that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, as need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼面积要大一些,因为需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向对齐。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and a higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,高于月球表面的重力,所以探针需要更高的能量。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and in higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力还要高,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and the higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,高于月球表面的重力,所以探针需要更高的能量。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and of higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,高于月球表面的重力,所以探针需要更高的能量。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and that higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力还要高,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to assure success. "
火星探测任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to guarantee success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会保证成功。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to achieve success. "
火星探测任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次成功的机会。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to determine success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动力形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会来确定成功与否。
" The core and the most difficult parts of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the sensor to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze,它必须依靠传感器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the telescope to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze,它必须依靠望远镜来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the probe to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze的说法,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the laser to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze,它必须依靠激光来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the radar to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
据太阳 Ze 说, 它 必须 依靠 雷达 来 完成 整个 过程, 因为 地球 和 火星 之间 的 距离 很大 。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以减速应该依靠火星的大气层来着陆火星,然而,要模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to absorb the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
由于没有太多的推进剂来吸收高速,减速应该依靠火星的大气层来着陆火星,然而,要模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to sustain the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有那么多的推进剂能维持高速,所以减速应该依靠火星上的大气层来着陆火星,但是模拟地球上的火星的大气层却相当困难。
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般而言,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到在火星上载人着陆的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the Moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般而言,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到在火星上载人着陆的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the lunar. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般而言,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到在火星上载人着陆的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect the Mars is similar like the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般地说,探测火星的方式和探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到载人登陆火星的目标。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此在火星探测之前需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars observation.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此在进行火星观测之前,需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars discovery.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此在发现火星之前需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detector.
由于火星和地球之间的距离大于月球和地球之间的距离,因此在火星探测器之前需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars measurement.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此在测量火星之前,需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detected.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此在发现火星之前,需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their associated organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其关联组织处理政党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their related organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其相关组织的党资产处理规程”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their corresponding organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其相应组织的党资产处理规程”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their affiliated organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其关联组织的党资产处理规程”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their allied organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其结盟组织的党资产处理规程”将从今天开始生效。
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social dedication and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitments and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党的历史悠久,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social determination and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会的决心和责任,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social responsibility and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,否则会辞职,不负社会责任。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social sacrifice and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,将不惜社会代价和责任而下台。”
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or directors are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或董事违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or sponsors are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或赞助者违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or nominees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或被提名人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or donors are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或捐助者违反禁止条款的条例,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or board are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或董事会违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Secretary of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“独立党副书记”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Chairman of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“独立党副主席”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy President of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“独立党副主席”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Representative of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“独立人士副代表”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", would serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the basis for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会查获有关党资产的依据。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Pei Xi who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Pei Wen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培文处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Pei Ping who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪佩平处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果全被没收,国民党就可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Tuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果党被全部没收,那么图蒙唐可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Huomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果全被没收了,那么Huomentang可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Zhuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐赠,所以如果全被没收,朱明堂可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产的时候你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Qiomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果该党被全部没收,那么齐奥米坦可以要求社会支持和赞助,“在没有财产的时候,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Comintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果该党被全部没收,那么共通党可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产的时候你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的所得资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党资产将变为无效,当事方将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be seized as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的自生资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺扣押,该党的资产将无效,该党将自始至终。
Original title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
Original title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'a for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yeefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王智雅提出的侵犯名誉诉讼
Original title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'en for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yeefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志恩侵犯名誉的起诉在个案判决中败诉
Original Title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yeefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
Original Article : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yeefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安侵犯名誉案的审理不成功
Original article : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yeefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
The legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦庄科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor physician " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了他针对微博“走廊医师”事件的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微梦创科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctors " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了针对微博“走廊医生”事件的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微梦创科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor Doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦庄科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " incident on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了针对微博“走廊医生”事件的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微梦创科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Data Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京数据梦创科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法院对案件作出判决,裁定王志安和微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Sun Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法院判决,裁定王志安和微太阳公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔要求。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Music Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法院判决,裁定王志安和微音乐公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did no constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法院对案件作出判决,裁定王志安和微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did neither constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法庭宣判了该案件,判决称王志安和微梦公司既未构成侵权,也未因所有索赔要求而驳回兰岳峰。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did nothing constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法庭宣判了该案件,判决称王志安和微梦公司没有构成侵权,并驳回了兰岳峰的所有索赔要求。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊坐了600多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 300 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊坐了300多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 360 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊上坐了360多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 365 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊坐了365多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 100 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊上坐了100多天,并被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 60 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊上坐了60多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
On March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日, 中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目.
On March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctors " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日, 中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目.
On March 29, 2014, the " corridor physician " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日, 中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目.
On March 27, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月27日, 中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目.
On March 30, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月30日, 中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目.
On March 31, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月31日, 中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目.
All information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
所有关于Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度治疗的信息都没有任何证据支持。
the information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度治疗的信息没有任何证据支持。
and information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报道的所谓过度治疗的信息没有任何证据支持。
of information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
关于Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度治疗的信息没有任何证据支持。
in information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
在有关兰岳峰向传媒报道的所谓超医治疗的信息中,没有任何证据支持。
All information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do no have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报道的所谓过度治疗的所有信息都没有任何证据支持。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在有真名认证的微博中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become that is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在有真名认证的微博中,王志安也说,兰岳峰之所以成为真名,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become it is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在有真名认证的微博中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为真名,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name license, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在使用真名牌的微博中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name licenses, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在使用真名牌的微博中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name approval, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在得到真名声支持的微博中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以能成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100, 000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.
Lan Yuefeng声称,王志安应删除微博,并向他道歉,并就精神损害赔偿10万元。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'a should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100, 000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.
Lan Yeefeng声称,王志亚应删除微博,并向他道歉,并就精神损害赔偿10万元。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'en should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100, 000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.
Lan Yuefeng声称,王志仁应删除微博,并向他道歉,并对精神损害赔偿10万元。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'An should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100, 000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.
Lan Yuefeng声称,王志安应删除微博,并向他道歉,并就精神损害赔偿10万元。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'he should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100, 000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.
Lan Yeefeng声称,王智应删除微博,并向他道歉,并对精神损害赔偿10万元。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'min should delete the microblogging and apologized to him and made compensation of 100, 000 yuan for the mental damage solatium.
Lan Yeefeng声称,王志民应删除微博,并向他道歉,并对精神损害赔偿10万元。
At the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判时,双方争论王建是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
At the beginning of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判开始时,双方争论王建是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
At the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the prestige right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判时,双方争论王建是否侵犯了兰岳峰的威望权。
At the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the character right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判时,双方争论王建是否侵犯了兰岳峰的人格权。
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的亮点:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite active and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的亮点:在田径赛的开始,中国球队很活跃,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle Games
月中第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车运动会的前四
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bike games
月中第12天的高潮:在田径赛的开始,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the cycling games
本月第12天的亮点:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the cycle games
月中第12天的高潮:在田径赛的开始,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为四大自行车赛的冠军
The bicycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双赢,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup boys will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
这场自行车赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯的男孩们将挑战德国队,德国队两次赢得世界冠军,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girl will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队两次获得世界冠军,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup Girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子赛将挑战德国队,德国队两次获得世界冠军,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winners for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队两次获得世界冠军,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion champion for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双冠,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得银牌,今年五月在世界锦标赛上被提升为单项项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this July.
王镇在两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得银牌,今年7月荣获世界锦标赛个人项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was quite exceptional in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得银牌,今年五月在世界锦标赛上被提升为单项项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was quite notable in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在两场比赛中都颇有名气,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得银牌,今年五月在世界锦标赛上被提升为单项项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was elevated to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得银牌,今年五月在世界锦标赛上荣获单项项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was promoted to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得银牌,今年5月被评为世界锦标赛的个别项目冠军。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 26-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,26岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 29-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,29岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 23-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,23岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 25-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,25岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 33-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,这位33岁的韩国射箭女子在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
Zhang Huizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张惠珍被认为是一个晚开球者,她后悔没有赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Huizhen is regarded as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张惠珍被视为晚开球手,她后悔没能赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约奥运讲台的顶端。
Zhang Huizhen is viewed as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张惠珍被视为晚开球手,她后悔没能赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张惠珍在里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中夺得了丽莎温格鲁(Lisa Wenglu)的金牌,总分为6-2。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Yu Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张惠珍在于温格鲁夺得金牌,在巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中总分为6-2。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Jiang Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张辉镇在江温鹿获得金牌,巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛总分为6-2。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Xu Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张惠珍在徐文鲁获得金牌,在巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中总分为6-2。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Liu Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张惠珍在刘文禄获得金牌,巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛总分为6-2。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Zheng Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张惠珍在郑文禄获得金牌,在巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中总分为6-2。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,2014年她27岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 28 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,2014年她28岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 26 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,在2014年她26岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 25 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,2014年她25岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 29 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,在2014年29岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 33 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,在2014年她33岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Hui Qi recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张慧琪回忆道:“我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to compete in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆道:“我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to enter in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在伦敦奥运会的参赛资格考试中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her teammates and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在伦敦奥运会的参赛资格考试中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看她的队友和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her teammate and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在伦敦奥运会的参赛资格考试中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的队友和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualifying trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在伦敦奥运会的预赛中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场机会,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualifier trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在伦敦奥运会的预选赛中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场机会,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. However, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在本届伦敦奥运会的参赛资格考试中名列第四,然而,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐枪射一射直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Perhaps it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌,我试图逐枪射一射,直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意了。
Zhang Hui Qi talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张慧琪在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他的金牌,我试图逐枪射一射直到最后一射,可能是因为这让我获得了好成绩,让我满意。
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one till the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌,我试图逐枪射一射直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意了。
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of arrowery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐枪射一射直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
The 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
28岁的韩国射箭队“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭队个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
The 28-year-senior Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
28年的韩国经典射箭“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭个人赢得了齐福北铜牌。
The 28-year-young Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
28岁的韩国青年射箭“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
The 27-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
27岁的韩国射箭队“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭队个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
The 29-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
29岁的韩国射箭队“一号”,和伦敦奥运会射箭比赛的个别冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
The 32-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
32岁的韩国射箭队“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭队个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can remember her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流下了眼泪,此时,我们可以记住她的压力。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can understand her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流泪。此时,我们可以理解她的压力。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can see her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流下了眼泪,此时,我们可以看到她的压力。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can knew her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressures.
齐福北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff acquired rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff gained rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,教练员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff obtained rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,教练员在逐步学习中获得了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience during his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习的过程中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience over his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习的过程中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力,保持无偏见,夜间穿越墓地。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the graveyard during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力和保持无偏见,并在夜间穿越墓地。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the Cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力和保持无偏见,并在夜间穿越墓地。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the grave during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力,保持无偏见,夜间穿越墓地。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and stay unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力和保持无偏见,并在夜间穿越墓地。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and be unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力和保持中立,并在夜间穿越墓地。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be released into the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launch into the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference would be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iOS7 would really be launched into the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iOS7将真正投放市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is reported by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
虽然尚未证实,但许多消息来源报道,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although Apple did not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有做出回应,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
Although Apple did not respond, there are news release about the function and design of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有做出回应,但有关于新iPhone功能和设计的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
Although Apple did not respond, there are news release about the function and functionality of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有做出回应,但有关于新iPhone功能和功能的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸的。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,比如苏宁。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Oning.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,例如Oning。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Eming.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,例如Eming。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Baning.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,例如Baning。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Soing.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,例如索恩。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Mying.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸的。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,例如Mying。
This has exacerbated people's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了人们对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone是如此的可怕。”
This has exacerbated people's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This Generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了人们对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone是如此的可怕。”
This has exacerbated people's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This version of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了人们对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!iPhone的这个版本太可怕了。”
This has exacerbated people's disappointed of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了人们对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone是如此的可怕。”
iPhone7, just like other iPhones, brings countless secret before birth.
iPhone7和其他iPhone一样,在出生前也带来了无数的秘密。
iPhone7, just as other iPhones, brings countless secret before birth.
正如其他iPhone一样,iPhone7在出生前也带来了无数的秘密。
iPhone7, just unlike other iPhones, brings countless secret before birth.
与其它iPhone不同,iPhone在出生前带来了无数的秘密。
iPhone7, just like other iPhones, takes countless secret before birth.
iPhone7就像其他iPhone一样,在出生前要保密无数次。
iPhone7, just like other iPhones, gives countless secret before birth.
iPhone7就像其他iPhone一样,在出生前给予无数秘密。
iPhone7, just like other iPhones, has countless secret before birth.
iPhone7和其他iPhone一样,在出生前有着无数的秘密。
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,一些消息来源声称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In addition, there are a number of sources claims that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,一些来源声称新一代iPhone将取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to support this news is that as Early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是早在2014年苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will permit headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果将允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will enable headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果就能让耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will support headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果将支持耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allowing headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果就会允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple permits the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果公司允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple enables the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果公司让耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple supports the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果支持耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple provides the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果提供耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接生产耳机。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allow the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple summer conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果夏季会议之前公布。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple fall conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple Autumn conference.
无论这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,都将在2016年苹果秋天会议之前公布。
Whether those news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
无论这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,都将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether this news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
这个消息是真实的还是虚假的,直到2016年苹果秋天会议才公布。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects the iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects including iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍行业内人士对包括iPhone7在内的许多人认为iPhone7可能会成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " purchasing " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股票列为“购买”评级,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高销量。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " selling " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股票列为“销售”评级,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高销量。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buy " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " for " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股票列为“对”的评级,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " in " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“在股市中”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高价销售业绩。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the arrival of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全由于iPhone7的到来。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduced of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the release of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为发行了iPhone7。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iOS7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是由于引入了iOS7。
7 % of respondents said they have the plan to buy iPhone7, while only 4 % people had the plan to buy iPhone6.
7%的受访者说他们有购买iPhone7的计划,只有4%的人有购买iPhone6的计划。
7 % of respondents said they have the plan to buy iPhone7, while only 4 % people have the plan to buy iPhone6.
7%的受访者说他们有购买iPhone7的计划,只有4%的人有购买iPhone6的计划。
It is understood that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is understood that over 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,超过20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is understood that approximately 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,大约20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is understood that roughly 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,大约20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户组有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is understood that now 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户组有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is understood that only 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,只有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户组有购买iPhone7的计划。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phones.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replacement their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to update their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更新自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans prefer to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝更喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans want to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝希望更换自己的iPhone手机。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 130 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.3亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 110 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.1亿iPhone用户使用同一iPhone已有两年了。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 140 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.4亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 60 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近6000万iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 50 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近5000万iPhone用户已经使用同一iPhone两年了。
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may affect the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设备的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may damage the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设备的破坏超出了想像力,可能损坏iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may blow the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设备的破坏超出了想像力,可能会破坏iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and will impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设备的破坏超出了想像力,将影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the launch supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的发射供应。”
Supply and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供应和需求之间的矛盾会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7的时机已经到来。
Supply and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channels and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供应和需求的矛盾会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7的时机已经到来。
Supply and demand contradiction will impact the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供应和需求的矛盾将影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7是第一次。
Supply and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iOS7 for the first time.
供应和需求之间的矛盾会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iOS7的时机已经到来。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,苏宁的管理人员和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the aim to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,苏宁公司高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the goal to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,最近,森宁的管理人员和苹果公司经常会达到目标,准备充足的供应。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the intent to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士透露,苏宁公司高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供货。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the plan to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士透露,苏宁公司高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,并计划准备充足的供货。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the task to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,近期,松宁的管理人员和苹果公司频繁会面,承担着准备充足供应的任务。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商与苏宁进行了谈判,因此可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务将不可避免地带给用户。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more luxurious services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商已与苏宁进行了谈判,因此,可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,更低的价格和更豪华的服务将不可避免地带给用户。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more exclusive services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商已与苏宁谈判,因此可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格下降和排他性更强的服务将不可避免地带给用户。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, given the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商与苏宁进行了谈判,因此,鉴于双方合作的深度,降低价格和提供更亲密的服务必然会给用户带来损失。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to customers.
营办商已经与苏宁进行了谈判,因此,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务将不可避免地带给客户。
" With the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer can " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer will " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者将 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer could " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer should " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者应该 “ 每天只用7元购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer may " purchase iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7的购买压力。苏宁的物流将这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a range of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和一系列的减让可以缓解iPhone7购买的压力,而Suning的物流将让这种良好的感觉转变为更直观的体验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling to more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7的购买压力。苏宁的物流会把这种良好的感觉转变为更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling and more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7购买的压力,苏宁的物流将改变这种良好的感觉和更直观的经验。
Maybe you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
可能午夜时分你接到电话 “ 你好, 松宁乐购, 你的iPhone7来了. ”
Maybe You'll get a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
也许午夜时分你会接到电话 “ 你好, 松宁乐购, 你的iPhone7来了. ”
The organizers hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望当地人民能够通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, in enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望当地人民能够通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, and enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望当地人民能够通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the local people can learn more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,通过文物展览,当地人民能够更多地了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the local people can know more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,通过文物展览,让当地人民更多了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到十月初.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until late October.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到十月底.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early September.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到九月初.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early autumn.
作为欧洲旅游的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到初秋.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " is continue until early October.
作为欧洲旅游的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 一直持续到十月初.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到十月初.
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
昨天,华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告,第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司将再次收购其股票。
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy its shares.
昨天,华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告,第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(中信集团)将再次收购其股票。
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarters, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
昨天,华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告,在第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(CSFC)将再次收购其股票。
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second month, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
昨天,华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告,第二个月,中国证券金融有限公司将再次收购其股票。
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank published a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
昨天,华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行公布了2016年的半年期报告。第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(CSFC)将再次收购其股票。
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank released a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
昨天,华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告。第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(CSFC)将再次收购其股票。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行(Pudong Development Bank)的3800万股股份,并将该股上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 78 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行(Pudong Development Bank)的3800万股股份,并将该股上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.78%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 71 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行(Pudong Development Bank)的3800万股股份,并将该股上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.71%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 57 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行(Pudong Development Bank)的3800万股股份,并将该股上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.57%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 7 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行(Pudong Development Bank)的3800万股股份,并将该股上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.7%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 37 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估算,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行3700万股股份,其股票将升至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园正式向村民和游客开放。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and visitors formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园正式向村民和访客开放。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourist formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园正式向村民和游客开放。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourism formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园将正式向村民开放,并正式向游客开放。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to locals and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园正式对当地人和游客开放。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to farmers and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园正式对农民和游客开放。
Composed of more than 100 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由100多个圆形小池塘组成,种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Composed of more than 300 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由300多个圆形小池塘组成,园内种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Composed of more than 60 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由60多个圆形小池塘组成,种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Composed of more than 120 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由120多个圆形小池塘组成,种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Composed of more than 110 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由110多个圆形小池塘组成,种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Composed of more than 30 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由30多个圆形小池塘组成,园内种植了300多种观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Rural lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
农村莲花业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
Rural lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new village.
农村莲花业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
Rural lotus production is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
农村莲花生产既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
Rural lotus industries is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
农村莲花业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
Rural lotus farming is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
农村莲花养殖既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
Rural lotus agriculture is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
农村莲花农业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件引起了人们的关注,因为其潜水池的水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was altered from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会“绿池”事件引起了人们的关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水水转为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was modified from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件引起人们的关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水改绿。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was transformed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件引起了人们的关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水转变为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was colored from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件因潜水池水的颜色由蓝色改为绿色而备受关注。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was change from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会“绿池”事件引起人们的关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
然而,当月第10天早上,靠近水池的火柴池的水也变绿了。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool nearby to the water pool also turned green.
然而,在月10日上午,火柴池附近的水也变成了绿色。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also declared green.
然而,当月第10天早上,与该水池毗邻的火柴池的水也宣布为绿色。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the waters of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
然而,当月第10天早上,紧靠水池的火柴池的水也变绿了。
Australian water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
澳大利亚水球参赛选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
Australian water polo contestant said that he eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
澳大利亚水球参赛选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,并想流泪。
Australian water polo contestant admitted that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
澳大利亚水球参赛选手承认,他的眼睛感到刺痛,并想流泪。
Australian water polo contestant stated that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
澳大利亚水球参赛选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,并想流泪。
Previously, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
之前,力拓的官员证实了绿化水的情况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
of, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
力拓的官员证实了水绿化的情况,并说水绿化的原因是碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
to, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
力拓的官员证实了绿化水的情况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
and, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
力拓的官员证实了水绿化的情况,并说水绿化的原因是碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
in, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
里昂的官员证实了水绿化的情况,并说水绿化的原因是碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
the, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
力拓的官员证实了水绿化的情况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
However, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
然而,在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们表示他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
However, after Australian players achieved success with the Japan delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
然而,在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
However, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they admitted their eyes felt pricking.
然而,当澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们承认他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
However, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they felt their eyes felt pricking.
然而,当澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的海水球池中取得成功后,他们觉得眼睛感到刺痛。
and, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
the, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们表示他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
to, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
of, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
in, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员与日本代表团一起在水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid changing of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid changes of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid changed of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid difference of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速不同。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid improvement of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速改善。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water condition of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official emphasized that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official vowed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但官方保证,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official announced that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员宣布,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official insisted that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员坚持说,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
Mario Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
the Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
and Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
of Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约热内卢奥运会发言人安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水库水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
to Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会发言人对安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
Mario Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool first turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
" We learned about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到了导致水变色和水质碱性的一系列原因。
" We learned about a complex of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到了导致水变色和水质碱性的多种原因。
" We learned about a number of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到了导致水变色和水质碱性的多种原因。
" We learned about a network of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解了导致水变色和水质碱性的起因网络。
" We learned about a variety of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到了导致水变色和水质碱性的多种原因。
" We learned about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water source. "
我们了解到一系列可能导致水变色和导致水源碱性的成因。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers utilized the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers took the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心对水质进行了一系列测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员在游泳池中确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers involved the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员参与了游泳池,以确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers attended the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员参加了游泳池,以确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers visited the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员参观了游泳池,以确定水质是否符合标准。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近日,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure this days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
这几天我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure we days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
我们一直遵循我们以往的常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure the days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
几天来,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure here days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
几天来,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure with days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
几天来,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" But the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然对降没有影响,特别是对运动员来说. ”
" But the change in water color certainly has no impact on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然不会影响降, 尤其是运动员的健康. ”
" And the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 水色的变化当然对降没有影响, 特别是运动员. ”
" But the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, particularly for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然对降没有影响,特别是对运动员来说. ”
" This independent team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态所采取的措施。
" This independent team confirms our assessment and confirms the actions we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态所采取的行动。
" This independent team confirms our assessment and confirm the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,并确认了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态而采取的措施。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain. "
我们原本希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度受到雨的影响。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was impaired by the rain. "
我们原本希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度却因为下雨而受到影响。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was disrupted by the rain. "
我们原本希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度被雨打乱了。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was delayed by the rain. "
我们本来希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度因下雨而推迟。
According to Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including three Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括3名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including four Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括4名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including five Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括5名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including several Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括数名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including eight Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括8名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Pannaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的Pannaque监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,昨晚9点左右发生在帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement till 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见监狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方错报了他们的标志,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides missime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方在打记号时弄虚作假,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹,并造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides incorrectime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方对其标志不正确,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistakeime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方误判了他们的标志,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides correctime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方纠正了他们的标志,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides foolime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方在打乱他们的记号,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未公布死囚名单,但据GMA电视台报道,有两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, in were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死者姓名,但据GMA电视台报道,死者姓名为两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, the were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死者姓名,但据GMA电视台报道,死者是两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, a were two Chinese.
监狱尚未公布死囚名单,但据GMA电视台报道,一名囚犯是两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, to were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死者姓名,但据GMA电视台称,死者姓名是两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, of were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死亡囚犯的名字,但据GMA电视台称,其中两名是中国人。
As of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午8时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
As of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the inmates get grenades.
截至上午8时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
As of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners receive grenades.
截至上午8时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何得到手榴弹的。
As of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners obtain grenades.
截至上午8时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
the of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
of of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
and of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
to of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
a of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,打死了一名"企图袭击警察"的刑警。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturedr who " attempted assaulting the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名"企图袭击警察"的酷刑者。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a interrogationr who " attempted assaulting the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名"企图袭击警察"的审讯员。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police enter the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名“企图袭击警察”的刑警。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police penetrated the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察深入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名“企图袭击警察”的刑警。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police invaded the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察入侵莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名“企图袭击警察”的刑警。
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with visitors
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with guests
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与客人签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourist
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourism
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与旅游业签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tours
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与旅游团签订合同
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicle existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅游车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel cars existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范的旅游车,以及旅游代理商与旅游者之间签合同率低的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transport Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范的旅游车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆大多是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that came for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆多半是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that took for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满了游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆大多是乘坐天池一日游的个别人群。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that made for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大客车载满游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆多半是为天池一天游而成的。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that did for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆大多是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that go for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆大多是去天池一天游的个别人群。
" Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了字 吗? ”
" Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you signed with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了字 吗? ”
" Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you pass with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你经过旅行社 吗? ”
" Hi, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了字 吗? ”
" Yes, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency ? "
“ 是的, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了字 吗? ”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于斌解释说,“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transportation project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于斌解释说,“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transit project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于斌解释说,“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游过境项目,但他们没有资格”。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification card will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质卡的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification permit will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质许可的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification licence will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款。没有资格证书的,由司机支付二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification license will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质许可的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualifications certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the spots including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅游者集中的地点进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department is investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travellers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent tourists are centralized.
据报道乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立游客集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent visitors are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立游客集中的地方进行了调查。
After integrating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐两次整合检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After integrating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Resort Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
在两次整合检查后,乌鲁木齐市治安执法分遣队副队长马齐表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After integrating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Travel Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅行执法分遣队副队长马齐两次整合检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After integrating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
在两次整合检查后,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After integrating the inspection twice, Shi Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
在两次整合检查后,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长石齐表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After integrating the inspection twice, Li Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
在两次整合检查后,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长李齐表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,人们会集体受伤或死亡。”
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车使用行为规范化,确保游客的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car usage behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车使用行为规范化,确保游客的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car consumption behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车消费行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car using behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,使旅游代理公司的行为规范化,以确保游客的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car uses behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,规范旅游代理商的汽车使用行为,确保旅游者的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car used behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车行为规范化,确保旅游者的安全。
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室举行国民经济运行新闻发布会。
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2015.
8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室于2015年7月召开了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈云云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in June, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈云云表示,6月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in August, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈云云表示,8月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the respectable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈云云说,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在可观范围内运行。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the decent range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈云云说,7月份,国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍处于正常水平。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the stable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈云云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍处于稳定运行范围之内。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据已经下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in August have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,8月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据都有所下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in October have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,10月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据已经下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in September have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,9月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据均有所下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in June have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,6月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据均有所下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in Jun have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,军的固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据已经下降。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
盛莱云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是动荡的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still bad ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
盛莱云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是动荡的,潜力仍然是坏的”。这是总结七月经济运行特点的更好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economy operation in July.
沈莱云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势多变,潜力还好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is unstable and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状不稳定,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is chaotic and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势混乱,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is complicated and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状复杂,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is unpredictable and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
盛莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状不可预测,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特征的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is complex and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状复杂,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is sour and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状是酸的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is low and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状不那么好,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is negative and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状是消极的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is dynamic and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是动态的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特征的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is bad and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状不好,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is different and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状不同,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is high and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状高大,潜力还好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is moderate and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状温和,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is clear and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状是清楚的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is new and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是崭新的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is stable and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状稳定,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is out and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状已经不存在,潜力仍然很好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is still and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“现在的形状还好,潜力还好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is changing and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势正在改变,潜力仍然很好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is not and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状不那么好,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is the and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形状是好的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is in and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈莱云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“现在情况还好,潜力还不错”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
He explained that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他解释说,“波动的形状”是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升后出现的下降。
He explained that " the shape of the fluctuations " describes to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他解释说,“波动的形状”是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升之后的下降。
He explained that " the shape of the fluctuations " is to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他解释说,“波动的形状”是在7月份一些经济指标增长率上升之后出现的下降。
He explained that " the shape of the fluctuations " means to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他解释说,“波动的形状”是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升后出现的下降。
He explained that " the shape of the fluctuations " indicates to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他解释说,“波动的形状”表明,7月份一些经济指标增长率上升后有所下降。
He explained that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in August.
他解释说,“波动的形状”是指8月份一些经济指标增长率上升之后的下降。
In July, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
7月,国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍相对沉重。
In July, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic crisis is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
7月,国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济危机比预期的要小,出口压力仍相对沉重。
In July, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recover is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
7月,国内、国际等经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济恢复比预期的要慢,出口压力仍相对沉重。
In July, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovering is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
7月,国内、国际等经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济恢复速度低于预期,出口压力仍相对较大。
In July, the domestic and external economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
7月,国内外经济仍处于深度调整中,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍然较大。
In July, the domestic and foreign economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
7月,国内外经济仍处在深度调整中,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍然较大。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pressure are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力压力正在释放,经济压力巨大,因此一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pain are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor teeth are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的牙齿正在释放,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor effects are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整对劳动力的影响正在释放,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor in are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力正在释放,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈莱云指出,七月曾出现过特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special situation in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈莱云指出,七月的情况特别,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special issue in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈莱云指出,7月份曾出现过一个特别问题,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special Case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈莱云指出,七月曾有特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special problem in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈莱云指出,7月存在一个特别问题,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special outbreak in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈莱云指出,七月爆发特大疫情,洪水严重、气温高、气候炎热,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报道,受灾人数超过6000万人,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million households were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报告,受灾家庭6000多万,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 50 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报道,受灾人口超过5000万人,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 40 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报告,受灾人口超过4000万人,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 70 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报道,受灾人数超过7000万人,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 45 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报道,受灾人数超过4500万人,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are impacted to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these sectors are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些部门受到不同程度的影响。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these regions are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些地区受到不同程度的影响。
From the definition of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的定义来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
From the analysis of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从对工业、投资和运输相关指标的分析来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3. 6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on this areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份的货运周转率回落了3. 6%,这一地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on both areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3. 6%,两个地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on the areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3. 6%,灾区洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on its areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3. 6%,灾区洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on all areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3. 6%,各地洪水泛滥对交通有一定影响。
From these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
从这些因素来看,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而且这种情况是预期的。
From these factors, it is quite natural to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
从这些因素来看,在一些指标中有一些波动是很自然的,而这种波动是预期的。
From these factors, it is quite usual to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
从这些因素来看,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而这种情况是意料之中的。
From these factors, it is quite expected to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
从这些因素来看,预计某些指标会有一些波动,而这种情况是预期的。
From these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expect.
从这些因素来看,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而这种情况是意料之中的。
From these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some variables. And such thing is expected.
从这些因素来看,在一些变量中有一些波动是相当正常的,而且这种情况是预期的。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He said, " The potential is still good " is that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力还不错”,就是尽管经济增长下滑,整体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有变化。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the positive momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,而且积极的势头没有改变。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the high momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,而且势头没有改变。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the economic momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现倒退,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,而且经济势头没有变化。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the jumpback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济快速增长,整体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区还可以享受不同程度的高温降温。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degree of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区还可以享受不同程度的高温降温。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can get different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气的统计,除优阳外,城市其它地方的热天气还可以得到不同的高温允许度。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can experience different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳市外,其他城市的热天气可以有不同程度的高温适应。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can have different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气的统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区还有不同的高温允许度。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of low temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区还可以享受不同程度的低温降温。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民根据高温工作日数领取补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standard issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民根据高温工作日数领取补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperatures working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民根据高温工作日数领取补贴。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
温度在35°C至37°C之间时,每人每天可享受不低于10元的零用钱。温度高于[UNK]时,每人可享受不低于15元的零用钱。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature below [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
温度在35°C至37°C之间时,每人每天可享受不低于10元的零用钱。温度低于[UNK]时,每人可享受不低于15元的零用钱。
In case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 10 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高10元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 200 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高200元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature jobs allowance ).
如果温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature employment allowance ).
如果温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温就业补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature work allowance ).
如果温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家的开州人民可以获得330元人民币,高温最低的成口人民可以获得80元人民币,而优阳最高气温不符合高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the most days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家可以达到330元,高温最高的国家可以达到80元,而高温最高的国家则不能达到高温标准。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 320 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家的开州人民可以获得320元人民币,高温最低的国家人民币可获得80元人民币,而优阳最高气温不达高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 325 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家的开州居民可获得325元人民币,而高温最低的成口居民可获得80元人民币,而优阳市的最高气温则不符合高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 350 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家的开州人民可以获得350元人民币,高温最低的成口人民可以获得80元人民币,而优阳最高气温不符合高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 130 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家可以达到130元,高温最低的国家可以达到80元,而高温最高国家不能达到高温标准,所以没有高温允许值。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulations.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current guidelines.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行准则。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current norm.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行标准。
In the past, some companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,有些公司采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In the past, Many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣减或减少工人工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or decrease the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣减或减少工人工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or increase the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣除或增加工人的工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or reduced the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣减或减少工人工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or reducing the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣除或减少工人的工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hour in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得因停止工作和减少工作时间而扣减或减少工人的工资。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests through the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 14333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温环境下工作时没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电14333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 7333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温环境下工作时没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电7333进行投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 11833 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电11833进行投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12133 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12133进行投诉。
If the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒绝支付高温补贴的,可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
If the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer can lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒绝支付高温补贴的,可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
If the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the labourer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒绝支付高温补贴的,可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,所以这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wage, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,所以这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with taxes deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,所以这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be counted in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,不是福利,所以这种津贴应计入工资总额,并扣除税款。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not replaced by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得被饮料等实物替代。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not replaces by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substitute by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
So the high temperature allowance is not in the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不是最低工资,它必须以现金发放,不能被饮料等实物替代。
So the high temperature allowance is not to the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不是最低工资,它必须以现金发放,不能被饮料等实物替代。
The newly built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新建乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly constructed Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新建乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly developed Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新开发的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly rebuilt Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新改建的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly completed Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新竣工的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly planned Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新规划的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于出口。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, business use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,第1层用于商务,第1层用于出口。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, service use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,服务使用,第1层用于出口。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, the use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,第1层用于出口。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for escape.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于逃跑。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路运输、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and parking as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前,乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和停车场一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and accommodation as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和住宿一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and hire as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前,乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通一体一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and taxi as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前,乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和出租车一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and housing as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和住房一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 33 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有手动售票窗和33台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 28 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有手动售票窗和28台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 31 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有手动售票窗和31台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 27 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有手动售票窗和27台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 35 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有手动售票窗和35台自动售票机。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东面和西面共有三十条通道,旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
There are a total of 28 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东、西两侧共设有28个通道,乘客可在车票号码上检查车票,以便快速检查和等候。
There are a total of 15 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东面及西面共有十五条通道,旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers will check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东面和西面共有30个通道,乘客会检查车票号码,以便快速检查和等候。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket numbers for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东面和西面共有30个通道,旅客可透过票号检查机票,以便快速检查及等候。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket with the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东面和西面共有三十条通道,旅客可凭车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查和等候。
If you need help, you can choose the 41 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择41调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 44 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择44调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 43 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择43个调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 42 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择42个调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 27 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择27个调用按钮并获得及时的服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 45 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择45个调用按钮并获得及时的服务。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urum Xi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日开始,乌鲁木西南站的旧客车站,即乌鲁木西南站的客车车站被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that was, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,被转到乌鲁木齐站。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that be, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日起,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,改乘乌鲁木齐站。
From August 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从8月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客车站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车站改为乌鲁木齐站。
From June 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从六月一日起,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,转往乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 40 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和40对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 60 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和60对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 20 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和20对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 50 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和50对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 80 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和80对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detail name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票。火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟。旅客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the details name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the information name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上初始车站和终点站的信息名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the specific name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票。火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟。旅客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的具体名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the descriptive name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上最初和终点站的描述性名称。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the provincial integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新车站正式投入运行后,将成为建设省级综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the Chinese integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设中国综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new railway station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新铁路站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new rail station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新铁路站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new freight station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新货运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合运输城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
Gracia Is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性豆腐, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forests.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain rainforest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现并展示了它崭新的三维打印口。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic theak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现,并展示了它崭新的三维打印塑料戏剧。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic aak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现并展示了它崭新的三维打印橡木。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic inak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现,向人们展示了它崭新的三维印刷胶印墨水。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic ofak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现并展示了它崭新的三维印刷塑胶。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and revealed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现并透露了它的新3D打印口。
This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐的喙断裂了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This toucan, which had its aak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐已经破碎了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This toucan, which had its andak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐已经破碎了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This toucan, which had its toak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐已经断了,一年半前刚刚死去,它终于恢复了它的新生活。
This toucan, which had its theak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这只土豆,在一年半以前就已经断裂了,快要死去了,终于恢复了新的生活。
This toucan, which had its anak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐已经断裂,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈品市场,与人类朋友见面。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human fellows.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入豪华航空,与人类同行见面。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human allies.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它已经步入了与人类盟友相会的奢侈品市场。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its humans friends.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈品的行列,与人类朋友见面。
This day not only confirmed that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天不仅证实了它已经100%地恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈的航道去与人类朋友见面。
This day not only signaled that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天不仅预示着它已经100%恢复了健康,而且预示着它正步入奢侈的行列,与人类朋友见面。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the stream frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在溪流中摇曳着,用一颗新喙吃葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the water frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来了,在水中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the river frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来了,在河里摇曳着,用一颗新喙吃着葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the pond frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来了,在池塘里摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the deep frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来了,在深处摇曳着,吃着葡萄和一颗新喙。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new pak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它已经遭受了损害,技术人员没有给它一个新的质料颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new bak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一种新的烧烤颜色,而是保留了原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new reak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它已经遭受了损害,技术人员没有给它一个新的reak颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new Beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print materials.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
喙是角质鞘的薄层,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thick bone to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,只有一些厚骨支撑。
The aak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
阿克是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
The meak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
裂缝是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
The gak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
盖子是角质鞘的薄层,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and just has some of the thin bone to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,只是有一些薄骨支撑。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bones to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,里面是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
尽管有这种内部的加固,但托坎的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hit.
尽管有这种内部的加固,但托坎的喙是脆弱的,在被击中时可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is cut.
尽管有这种内部加固,但豆腐的喙是脆弱的,在切开时可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is Hurt.
尽管有这种内部的加固,但豆腐的喙是脆弱的,当是伤口时可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is injured.
尽管有这种内部的加固,但托坎的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's andak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
尽管有这种内部的加固,土豆腐树的树枝是脆弱的,可能断裂时受伤。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company collaborated together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司合作,为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company partnered together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司合作,为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company started together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心,鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司开始为Gracia准备几个“测试喙”,并最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printer company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印机公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D print company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
现在,格拉西亚已经能够用新嘴喝水,吃,甚至吃细粒子了。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, feed, and even peck fine grains.
现在,格拉西亚已经能够用新的嘴来喝水,喂食,甚至啄食细粒子。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new isak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
现在,格拉西亚已经能够用新的胰岛素来饮用水,吃,甚至吃细粒子。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new aak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
现在,格拉西亚已经能够用新的橡树来喝水,吃,甚至吃细粒子。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new billak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
现在,格拉西亚已经能够用新的比勒克来喝水,吃,甚至吃细粒子。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new pak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
现在,格拉西亚已经能够用新的食物来喝水,吃东西,甚至可以吃到细粒子。
" The design of the finished product costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product costs about two weeks and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两周的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product cost about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product takes about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计需要大约两个月的时间才能打印出来,只需4-5小时。
" The design of the finished products costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
成品的设计大约要花两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished package costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
完成的包装设计大约要花两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" 3D printing is not the future technology but really enters into your life. " Thomas Lange, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
美国SG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正进入你的生活。”
" 3D printing is not the future technology but really enters into your life. " Thomas Schmidt, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
美国SG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·施密特在接受新华社采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正进入你的生活。”
" 3D printing is not the future technology but really enters into your life. " Thomas Lang, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
美国SG3D印刷公司董事长汤玛斯·朗在接受新华社采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正进入你的生活。”
" 3D printing is not the future technology but really enters into you life. " Thomas Lange, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
美国SG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正进入你的生活。”
In January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
In January 2015, Gracia, lying at a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场发现Gracia身上有血迹。
At that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
At that time, its toak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它被一群年轻人残忍地打断了,完全不能吃和死。
At that time, its theak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,一群年轻人残忍地打破了它,它完全不能吃,不能死去。
At that time, its andak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它被一群年轻人残忍地打破了,完全不能吃,不能死去。
At that time, its aak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,一群年轻人残忍地折断了它的树皮,完全不能吃和死。
At that time, its ofak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,一群年轻人残忍地折断了它的口袋,完全不能吃和死。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring outside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring within and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring around and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,哥斯达黎加周围和境外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring in and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring throughout and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,在哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the treatment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的治疗。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the discipline against abusers.
人们要求建立更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的纪律。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to strengthen the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to improve the punishment against abusers.
人们要求建立更严格的动物保护法,以改善对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to increase the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,加大对施虐者的处罚力度。
People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
人们自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,以免受伤。
People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life without hurting.
人们自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,而不会受伤。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
即使是3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了Gracia喙的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia sak.
即使是3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了Gracia Sak的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia meak.
即使是3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了Gracia缝纫机的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia rak.
即使是3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了Gracia Rak的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D print technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
即使是3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了Gracia喙的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hamilton, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
即使是三维打印技术的发明者,查克·汉密尔顿,也参与了格拉西亚喙的设计。
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它剩下的部分喙不到1厘米,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the replacement beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它剩下的部分喙不到1厘米,所以安装更换喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the toak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它的余下部分瓶盖不到1厘米,所以安装新瓶盖有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the thatak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它剩下的部分在1厘米以下,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the aak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它的余下部分的阿克不到1厘米,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the withak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它剩下的部分小于1厘米,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶固在喙上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its toak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶水固定在喙上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its aak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶水固定在喙上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its theak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶水固定在喙上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its thatak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶水固定在喙上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its ofak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶水固定在喙上。
" This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社国际表示, “ 这可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险. ”
" This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange said Xinhua International.
兰格说: “ 这可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险. ”
" This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange assured Xinhua International.
兰格向新华社表示, “ 这可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险. ”
" It can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社国际表示,“它可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" That can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社国际表示, “ 这样可以减少格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险. ”
" These can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格告诉新华社国际,这些可以减少对Gracia的进一步侵扰性损害的风险。
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清扫格拉西亚断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken toak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清理Gracia的破瓶,以防止感染。
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken theak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清理Gracia断裂的阀门以防止感染。
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken aak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清理碎裂的Gracia aak,以防止感染。
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken thatak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清除Gracia的破损,以防止感染。
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken anak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清理Gracia断裂的橡树,以防止感染。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Lasia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Lasia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Cassia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Cassia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Gia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Gia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer Jon Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和新闻频道制作人Jon Hoffman。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新喙的过程,记录了本月在动物星球频道播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new isak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新树苗的一小部分过程,并录制了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new aak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新橡树的一点点过程,记录了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new callak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新呼叫卡的过程,记录了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new billak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新台币的一小部分过程,并记录了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new hatchak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新舱口的过程,记录了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has transformed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animal.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击动物酷刑。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows viewers how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向观众展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows audiences how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向观众展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,以及人们如何参与打击动物酷刑的斗争。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " tea pot " of China's small independent refinery.
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known from the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是从中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”中知道这一点。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the emergence of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的出现表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the growth of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的增长表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
August 12 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 13 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 11 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 10 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 7 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 6 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known from the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the emergence of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
日本石油公司对中国石油公司的出现表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rising of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the growth of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
日本石油公司对中国石油公司的增长表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the development of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
日本石油公司对中国石油公司的发展表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has an sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has a sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has and sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从重油中提炼含硫硫且从俄罗斯进口的石油。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has of sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has is sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
The petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高,质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are low in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高而质量低下,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are high in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高而质量高,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are rich in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高而质量丰富,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are crude in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于含硫量高而质量不菲,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are poor in quality due to the sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于含硫量而质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”在获得原油进口许可证后,可以进口低含硫量和改进石油产品的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have high sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”在获得原油进口许可证后,可以进口含硫量高、石油产品的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have higher sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”在获得原油进口许可证后,可以进口含硫量较高、石油产品的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have lower sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
在获得原油进口许可证后,茶壶炼油厂可以进口阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,这些原油硫含量较低,石油产品也有所改善。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have less sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
在获得原油进口许可后,茶壶炼油厂可以进口阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,这些原油的硫含量较低,石油产品也有所改善。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and superior petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”在获得原油进口许可证后,可以进口低硫、高石油产品的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
东油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also expanded.
东油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also improved.
东油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also enhanced.
东油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also doubled.
东油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也翻了一番。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capability of the equipment also increased.
东油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
因此,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本 ( 世界最高品质 ) 相媲美.
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalsled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
因此, 出口中国的石油产品质量逐渐与日本 ( 世界最高品质 ) 相媲美.
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually exceededled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
结果, 出口中国的石油产品质量逐渐超过日本 ( 世界最高品质 ).
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually surpassedled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
结果, 出口中国的石油产品质量逐渐超过日本 ( 世界最高品质 ).
As a result, the quality of oil products export from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
因此,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本 ( 世界最高品质 ) 相媲美.
As a result, the quality of oil products exports from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
因此,中国石油产品出口质量逐渐与日本 ( 世界最高品质 ) 相媲美.
According to JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据JX能源公司介绍,2015年底以后,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According to JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Queensland. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据JX能源公司介绍,2015年底以后,中国开始向昆士兰出口优质轻质油,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According to JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive alongside Japanese products on the Asian market.
据JX能源公司介绍,2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According to JX Energy, " From the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据JX能源公司介绍,“从2015年底开始,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油”,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According to JX Energy, " Since the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据JX能源公司介绍,“2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这些轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According to JX Energy, " At the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据JX能源公司介绍,2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable regions while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的策略。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable countries while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的国家,同时关注市场”的战略。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable area while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本优质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的策略。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable markets while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“向有利可图的市场出口的同时关注市场”的策略。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to lucrative areas while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“向利润丰厚地区出口的同时关注市场”的战略。
As China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
由于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有巨大影响,茶壶炼油业受到更多关注。
As China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact in the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
由于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有巨大影响,茶壶炼油业受到更多关注。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日开始,长江晚报对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 700.
2016年5月26日开始,长江晚间新闻对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到700人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 600.
2016年5月26日开始,长江晚报对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到600人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 500.
2016年5月26日开始,长江晚报对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到500人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 300.
2016年5月26日开始,长江晚间新闻对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到300人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 900.
2016年5月26日开始,长江晚间新闻对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到900人。
During the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 230 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助230名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 220 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助220名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 260 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助260名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 210 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助210名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 180 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助180名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and care care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报纸呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有孩子的家庭能够获得资金和照料。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and health care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报纸呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有孩子的家庭能够获得资金和医疗保健。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and special care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和特殊照顾。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and Social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can attain funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章公布学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者的督导。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the observation of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章刊登了学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,以引起读者的注意。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the guidance of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章刊登了学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者指导。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the approval of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章刊登了学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,以获得读者的认可。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the notice of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章刊登了学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,以备读者参阅。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the support of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章刊登了学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,以得到读者的支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
“酒井阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自2003年起,羊子晚间新闻“酒井阳光学生行动”在江苏启动,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu in 2003. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
“酒泉阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,羊子晚间新闻“酒泉阳光学生行动”于2003年在江苏启动,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine students action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
“酒井阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自2003年起,羊子晚间新闻“酒井阳光学生行动”在江苏启动,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, including tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具备优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance Freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围包括高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmanmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业,符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩和家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance newmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖大学入学新人,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund includes college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围包括高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students selected for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。获选参加基金的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students eligible for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1975 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1975年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1973 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1973年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously surpassed 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1960s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率以前在1974年和1960年代("婴儿潮")超过2%。
of to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
在统计局的统计中,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants in 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰12个月净移民流入率为69 100人,成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the primary driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the major driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the key driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the leading driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
此外,在同一时期,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In addition, in the similar period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
此外,在同一时期,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In addition, in the corresponding period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
此外,在相应的时期内,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In addition, in the total period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
此外,在此期间,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In addition, in the that period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
此外,在此期间,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In addition, in the comparable period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
此外,在可比期间,新西兰人口增加了28 200人。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 38 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15至38岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 41 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至41岁之间的"工作年龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 49 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15至49岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " between 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着15至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " paying 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着15至39岁的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 55 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到155万。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 53 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到153万人。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 59 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到159万。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 54 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到154万。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 57 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到157万。
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为3. 6%, 达到70万.
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, topping 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为3. 6%, 超过70万.
The successful launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车的成功开通标志着,自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
The successful launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successful launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车的成功开通标志着自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
The successful launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车的成功开通,标志着自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆列车。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
据了解,这列货运列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和总共206种品种。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 207 varieties in total.
据了解,该列列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和207种产品。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 272 varieties in total.
据了解,该列列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和272种产品。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 52 varieties in total.
据了解,该列列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和共52种品种。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 45 varieties in total.
据了解,该列列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和共45种品种。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 33 varieties in total.
据了解,该列列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和共33个品种。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物338 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 358, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物35.8万吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 378, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物37.8万吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 328, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009架次,运输货物328 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 348, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009架次,运输货物348 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 538, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物538 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据了解,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外国货源。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it is attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据了解,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外国货源。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains were " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据了解,中亚货运列车的首次货物运输是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外资。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains is " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据了解,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外国货源。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains be " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据悉,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外国货源。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains was " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据了解,中亚货运列车的首次货物运输是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外资。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量达到64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
to of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量达到64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
of of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货量达到64000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
the of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货量达到64000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
and of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
至7月底,中亚货运列车收货量达到64000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
a of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
a 截止7月底,中亚货运列车接收的集装箱数量达到64 000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau expanded year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increase year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Zone increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路区新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by years.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量也逐年增加。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a target, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划以西安新竹铁路站为目标,努力建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a priority, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站是西安新建综合物流园区建设的重点。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern future railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足未来发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站作为重点,致力于建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern planned railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足未来发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划以西安新竹铁路站为工作重点,努力建设现代化规划的铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern large railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设现代化的大型铁路综合物流园区。
A mid-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 million award in the same airport last week.
上周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A mid-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 Million award in the same airport last week.
上周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A mid-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 billion award in the same airport last week.
上周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了10亿美元奖金。
His 21-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.
他21岁的儿子由于出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他每天辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 23-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.
他23岁的儿子由于在出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他不得不日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 17-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.
他17岁的儿子由于在出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他每天辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 14-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.
他14岁的儿子由于出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他不得不日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 13-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.
他13岁的儿子由于在出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他不得不日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 21-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days before his birth. He has toiled day in day out to repay his son's medical expenses loan.
他21岁的儿子由于在出生前13天意外坠落而瘫痪,他不得不日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
" After escaping from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
海达说,“逃离了坠机,上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事。”
" After escaping from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the better ", said Hedar.
海达说,“逃离了坠机,上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做得更好。”
" After escape from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“逃离了坠机,是上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事,”海达尔说。
" After surviving from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“幸免于难,是上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事。”海达尔说。
" After saving from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“从坠机中救了下来,是上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事。”海达尔说。
" After escaped from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“从坠机中逃脱后,上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事,”海达尔说。
Although now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Although now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be stronger at all than that in the summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天强。
Although here it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
虽然这里是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Although though it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Although as it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,“过热”的力量似乎一点也不弱于夏季。
Although when it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
虽然当秋天刚开始的时候,“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
UV not only tans your skin but also sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且还晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but in sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅使皮肤晒伤,而且在晒伤后,如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but c sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but hot sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅会晒伤皮肤,而且会烫伤皮肤,所以如何让皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but tan sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅使你的皮肤晒伤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but on sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but an sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but a sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but was sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but by sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且还晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but as sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but is sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but the sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but with sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅会晒伤皮肤,而且会晒伤皮肤,所以如何让皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but to sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅晒伤皮肤,而且还晒伤皮肤,所以如何使皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
UV not only tans your skin but that sunburns it, so how to make the skin go through the military training, without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅会晒伤皮肤,而且会晒伤皮肤,所以如何让皮肤经过军事训练,不晒伤?
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以UVB为对象。一般SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The popular SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以UVB为对象。通用SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF or PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF或PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,目标是紫外线。一般SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more protective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更大。通常PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more active role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更积极。通常PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more UV role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
使用PA标记的产品是UVA,这样防晒霜的作用就更大了。通常PA的强度用+表示。一个额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates increase of effective protection time.
使用PA标记的产品为UVA,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常,PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的增加。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extended of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常PA的强度用+表示。一个额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
Water-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透性强的水性防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
Water-based sunblock with a firm penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透性强的水性防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
Water-based sunblock with a high penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透率高的水性防晒霜常用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
Water-based sunblock with a hard penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
含水的防晒霜通常会刺穿油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
Water-based sunblock with a tight penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透性较强的水性防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
Water-based sunblock with a sharp penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透性强的水性防晒霜常用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤经常使用防晒霜。中立的皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒产品。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure basic sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤经常使用防晒霜。中立的皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯净的基本防晒产品。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure formal sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤经常使用防晒霜。中立的皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯正的防晒霜产品。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure static sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤经常使用防晒霜。中立的皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯静态的防晒产品。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure rigid sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤经常使用防晒霜。中立的皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯硬的防晒霜产品。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure conventional sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤经常使用防晒霜。中立的皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯常规的防晒产品。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
记住提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products need time to completely penetrate into the skin.
记住提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products require time to completely penetrate into the skin.
记住提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products last time to completely penetrate into the skin.
记得在半小时前涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品上次完全渗透到皮肤上。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, as sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
记住在半小时前涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, and sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
记得提前半个小时涂上防晒霜,防晒产品要花点时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
Because you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于你在军事训练中长时间暴露在太阳下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续这样做。
Because you are exposed to sun more during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于你在军事训练中暴露在太阳下的时间更多,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续这样做。
Because you are exposed to sun long during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于你在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,所以你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续做下去。
Because you are exposed to sun daily during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于你在军事训练中每日暴露在阳光下,所以你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续这样做。
Because you are exposed to sun often during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于你在军事训练中经常暴露在阳光下,所以你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续这样做。
Because you are exposed to sun hours during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于你在军事训练中暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续这样做。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
由于皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,所以不要在经过训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after arriving from military training.
由于皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,不要在抵达后立即使用美白产品。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after leaving from military training.
由于皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,不要在离开军训后立即使用美白产品。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after return from military training.
由于肌肤刚受到太阳的刺激,所以不要在训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after arrival from military training.
由于皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,不要在抵达后立即使用美白产品。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after entering from military training.
由于皮肤刚被太阳的缘故所刺激,不要在进入军事训练后立即使用美白产品。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,并在条件允许时减轻局部热量。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if conditions allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,并在条件允许时减轻局部热量。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if weather allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,并在天气允许的情况下减轻局部热量。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if climate allowed.
在烈日照射很长时间后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以减轻晒伤的皮肤,并在气候允许的情况下减轻局部的热量。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if temperatures allowed.
长时间暴露在炽热的阳光下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以减轻晒伤的皮肤,并在温度允许的情况下减轻局部热量。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if temperature allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以减轻晒伤的皮肤,并在温度允许的情况下减轻局部热量。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得高达40%的农业补贴。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 30 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得高达30%的农业补贴。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 35 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得高达35%的农业补贴。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 10 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得最高10%的农业补贴。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 20 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得最高为20%的农业补贴。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can receive agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得多达40%的农业补贴。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资和展览,特别是加强了对各国和与"带子和道路倡议"相关的目标市场国家的邀请。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and market market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资和展览,特别是加强了各国和市场国家对"带子和道路倡议"的邀请。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and potential market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资和展览,特别是加强了对与"带子和道路倡议"相关的国家和潜在市场国家的邀请。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and trade market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资和展览,特别是加强了各国和与"带子和道路倡议"有关的贸易市场国家的邀请。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and global market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资和展览,特别是加强了对各国和与"带子和道路倡议"相关的全球市场国家的邀请。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and business market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资和展览,特别是加强了对各国和与"带子和道路倡议"相关的商业市场国家的邀请。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额32亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 23 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金230亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额32亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 17 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金170亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额32亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 16 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进160亿元资金,签署了160多份贸易合同,总金额32亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 24 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进240亿元资金,签署了160多份贸易合同,总金额32亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 21 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金210亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额32亿元。
It is reported that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,连续七年在卢迪举行湖南博览会,是湖南卢迪制造业的坚实基础,湖南卢迪有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It is quoted that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
湖南省卢迪市连续七年举行湖南博览会,是湖南省卢迪市制造业的坚实基础,湖南省卢迪市有着悠久的工业发展历史。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与世界90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 80 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球80多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 60 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球60多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 70 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球70多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 45 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球逾45个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 180 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球180多个国家建立了贸易关系。
" Hunan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地地方培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan Exhibition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地地方培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan Expo " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan exhibition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南展览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan Convention " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
《湖南公约》已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“退出”的重要平台。
During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在某些夜晚,离子化层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
During some evenings, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在有些晚上,电离层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
During some hours, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在几小时内,离子层中充斥着自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electron, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在一些夜晚,离子层充满自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
According to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
根据美国月度网站《大众科学》(Population Science)的报道,8月11日,美国空军有意复制这一效果。
According to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 10, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
根据美国月度网站《大众科学》(Population Science)的报道,美国空军于8月10日对复制这一效果感兴趣。
According to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 9, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
根据美国月刊《通俗科学》的报道,美国空军于8月9日对复制这一效果感兴趣。
According to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US air Force was interested in copying this effect.
根据美国月度网站《大众科学》(Population Science)的报道,8月11日,美国空军有意复制这一效果。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edges of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the corner of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台角落的收音机,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the wall of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台墙上的无线电,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the end of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台的收音机,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Ionization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充斥电子的离子化层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 的信号从太阳风暴中消失。
Ionization layer filled of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充填电子的离子化层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
Ionization layer free of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
离子化层无电子显示军用无线电广播的范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰.
Ionization layer dense of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
电离层密集的电子表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围较大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
Ionization layer composed of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
由电子组成的离子化层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围较大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
Ionization layer rich of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
离子化层丰富的电子表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer if necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer where necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强离子层。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer as necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,它们可能在必要时增强电离层。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They can enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时它们可以增强电离层。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They are enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时加强离子化层。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
But firstly, the team that signed deal with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签约的团队必须证明科学原则是有效的。
But firstly, the team that signed contracts with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签定合同的团队必须证明科学原则会起作用。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the aircraft force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must demonstrate that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原则会起作用。
But 1st, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是,首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was near to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry data indicated that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry data revealed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry data estimated that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
行业数据估计,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacities.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production potential.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除生产潜力过大落后的通知。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production power.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five orders for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布5项消除产能过剩落后的命令。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notice for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Although the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
虽然前四次通知并不直接涉及煤炭工业,但目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
Although the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the targeted industry is directly related with coal industry.
虽然前四项通知并不直接涉及煤炭工业,但目标产业与煤炭工业直接相关。
Although the first three notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
前三则通知虽不直接涉及煤炭工业,但目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
Although the first two notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
头两个通知虽然与煤炭工业没有直接关系,但目标产业与煤炭工业有直接关系。
the the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
前四项通知与煤炭工业没有直接关系,目标产业与煤炭工业有直接关系。
and the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
前四项通知与煤炭工业没有直接关系,目标产业与煤炭工业有直接关系。
of the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
前四次通知与煤炭工业没有直接关系,目标产业与煤炭工业有直接关系。
in the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
在前四次通知中,未直接涉及煤炭工业,目标产业与煤炭工业直接相关。
to the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
对头四个通知不直接涉及煤炭工业,目标产业与煤炭工业直接相关。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格维持在每吨370元,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at an yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在人民币兑吨的水平上,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at a yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在人民币兑吨的水平上,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at of yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在人民币兑吨位,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at in yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格以元/吨计,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at the yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在人民币兑吨位,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步上涨,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨近70元。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four week, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨70元。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 weeks high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16周高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨近70元。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 month high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,升至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨幅接近每吨70元。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 60 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨近60元。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 65 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨近65元。
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
随着物价的上涨,各种行业的担忧也随之而来:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume output ?
随着物价的上涨,各种行业的担忧也随之而来:一些小煤矿会恢复产量吗?
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : should a number of small coal mines resume production ?
随着物价的上涨,各种行业的担忧也随之而来:一些小煤矿应该恢复生产吗?
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : must a number of small coal mines resume production ?
随着物价的上涨,各种行业的担忧也随之而来:许多小煤矿必须恢复生产吗?
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines restart production ?
随着物价的上涨,随之而来的是各行各业的担忧:一些小煤矿会重新开始生产吗?
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines cease production ?
随着物价的上涨,随之而来的是各行各业的担忧:一些小煤矿会停止生产吗?
In this regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, andang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长唐建明进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, inang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长扬贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, ofang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长梁贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, theang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长梁贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform And Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
中国 ( 海南 ) 改革发展经济研究所所长光贤明对此进行了分析与阐释.
Kuang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
煤炭行业产能过剩的裁员引发了各行业的高度关注。今日公布的煤炭行业产能过剩的成绩单令人人都感到担忧。
andang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
杨县明:产能过剩引起了各行业的高度关注。今日公布的煤炭行业产能过剩的成绩单令大家十分担忧。
theang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
黄县明:产能过剩引起了各行业的高度关注。今日公布的煤炭行业产能过剩的成绩单令大家十分担忧。
ofang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
产能过剩引起了各行各业的高度关注。今日宣布的煤炭业产能过剩的成绩单令大家十分担忧。
Kuang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry issued today make everyone feel worried indeed.
煤炭产能过剩减产引起各行各业的高度关注。今日发行的煤炭产能过剩减产报告单令大家十分担忧。
Kuang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everybody feel worried indeed.
煤炭行业产能过剩的裁员引发了各行业的高度关注。今日公布的煤炭行业产能过剩的成绩单令大家十分担忧。
These three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这三个表面因素反映了我国增长模式相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-driven growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这三个表面因素反映了我国增长模式变化相对滞后的原因,即政府驱动的增长尚未根本改变。
These four superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这四个表面因素反映了相对滞后于我们增长模式变化的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These two superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这两个表面因素反映了相对滞后于我们增长模式变化的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These following superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
以下这些表面因素反映了相对滞后于我们增长模式变化的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These these superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这些表面因素反映了我国增长模式相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
Second, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,它也与地方政府的力量直接相关,在产能过剩的过程中,资金和相应的支持措施应该到位,从这一点来看,不同地区的差别确实很大。
Second, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut procedure, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,它也与地方政府的力量直接相关,在产能过剩的过程中,资金和相应的支持措施应该到位,从这一点来看,不同地区的差别确实很大。
Second, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of perspective, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,它也与地方政府的力量直接相关,在产能过剩的过程中,资金和相应的支持措施应该到位,从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别确实很大。
Second, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the difference are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,它也与地方政府的力量直接相关,在产能过剩的过程中,资金和相应的支持措施应该到位,从这一点来看,不同地区的差别确实很大。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face higher risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能会面临更高的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face more risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能面临更多风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress can face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,就会面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress could face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能会面临更大的风险。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以促进生产能力进程,可能会产生消极影响。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to encourage the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以鼓励生产能力进程,可能会产生消极影响。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative effect.
在 这种 情况 下, 依靠 中央 津贴 来 筹集 资金 来 促进 生产 能力 的 过程, 可能 会 产生 消极 的 影响 。
In this case, relying on the central fund to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央基金筹集资金以促进生产能力进程可能会产生消极影响。
In this case, relying on the central allocation to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央拨款筹集资金,以促进生产能力进程,可能会产生消极影响。
First, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.
首先, 产能过剩不是简单的上限控制.
First, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap limit.
首先, 产能过剩不是简单的上限.
First, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap stop.
首先, 产能过剩不是简单的上限停止.
First, the overcapacity cut is not a straightforward cap control.
首先, 产能过剩不是直截了当的上限控制.
and, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.
而且,产能过剩不是简单的上限控制。
the, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.
产能过剩不是简单的上限控制。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新格局。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new form of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新形式。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new structure of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新结构。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new pattern of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新格局。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new character of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新特征。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new system of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新体系。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the appropriate service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展适合的服务业。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the corresponding service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the local service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展本地服务产业。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the necessary service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展必要的服务产业。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the suitable service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展适合的服务业。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年产能过剩的裁员任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full playing to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年产能过剩的裁员任务,必须充分发挥行政监督的力量。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full balance to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年产能过剩的裁员任务,必须充分平衡行政监督的权力。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full strength to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年产能过剩的裁员任务,必须充分发挥行政监督力量。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full value to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年产能过剩的裁员任务,必须充分重视行政监督权。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full plays to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Finally, we should strengthen the role of social security.
最后,加强社会保障的作用。
Finally, We should strengthen the role of social security.
最后, 加强社会保障的作用.
to, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
the, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
of, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
and, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills education of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能教育。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to enhance the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we must to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,必须加强对员工的就业技能培训。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we need to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们需要加强员工的就业技能培训。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we can to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们可以加强员工的就业技能培训。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazil GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the short term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西GDP增长在短期内会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the middle term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the late term. "
排名下降的原因是巴西GDP增长预计在后期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the mid term. "
排名下降的原因是巴西GDP增长预计中期会恶化。
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investments was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environments and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business resources and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业资源和直接投资。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environmental and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business infrastructure and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业基础设施和直接投资。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and indirect investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和间接投资。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
In 2015, Brazil's foreign direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的外国直接投资为646亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
In 2015, Brazil's external direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的对外直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year drop of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂的投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降了2.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the construction model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂的建设模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the development model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外建设工厂的发展模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories overseas ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There is 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There were 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There was 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There as 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the second half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年下半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the early half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 20 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近20%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 15 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近15%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost ten per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
Title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击了市区的准备工作
Title : Canada police killed IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击了市区的准备工作
Title : federal police killed IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:联邦警察打死了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击了市区的准备工作
Title : Canadian police killing IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害IS的支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击
Title : Canadian police dead IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方死亡的支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击
Title : Canadian police died IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方的支持者阵亡:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击
The taxi company said the taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived.
出租车公司说,出租车是在警察到达之前被派到德雷弗斯的。
The taxi company said the taxi was dispatched to hotel Dreyfus before the police arrived.
出租车公司说,在警察赶到之前,出租车被派到德雷弗斯饭店。
The taxi company said the taxi was sent to the Dreyfus before the police arrived.
出租车公司说,在警察赶到之前,出租车被送到了德雷弗斯。
The taxi company said the taxi was delivered to the Dreyfus before the police arrived.
出租车公司说,出租车是在警察赶到之前送到德雷弗斯的。
The taxi company said that taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived.
出租车公司说,在警察赶到之前,出租车被派到了德雷弗斯。
Canadian police said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人向美国联邦调查局(FBI)发送的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
Canadian police said during a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
Canadian police said in a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslim, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the murder against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴着黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的谋杀,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crimes against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林犯下的罪行,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the violence against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的暴力行为,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the Crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 48 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在48小时内和高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 24 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在24小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 12 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在12小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, especially in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,这次袭击将在72小时内发生,特别是在高峰期。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 minutes, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72分钟内发生,在高峰期发生。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Martin Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理马丁·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister John Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理约翰·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Ted Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理特德·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister René Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理勒内·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Liberal Trudeau came to power last year.
在加拿大总理特鲁多去年上台之前,这起事件是警方首次杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
北京杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将自九月一日起征收通行费。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since November 1.
北京杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将从11月1日起征收通行费。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since August 1.
北京杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将从8月1日起征收通行费。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since December 1.
北京杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达卢将从12月1日起征收通行费。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since October 1.
北京杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将从10月1日起征收通行费。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since July 1.
北京杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将从7月1日起征收通行费。
The two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
The two tributaries will conduct construction through social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
The two tributaries will conduct construction using social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将利用社会资金进行建设,费用已经有关省级政府部门批准。
The two tributaries will conduct construction by social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
The two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charge have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
The two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The fees have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
The old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
万福河古河水流经金香、玉泰,又经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then into the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
万福河古河水流经金香、玉泰,然后流入南阳湖,进入北京杭州大运河主航道,总航程为32.5公里。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处进行弯曲,从而改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the process of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河旧河道采用养护和变换过程,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处曲线截断,从而改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel took the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处进行弯曲,从而改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel has the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道具有养护和变换模式,疏浚在局部深度进行,弯曲在局部弯曲处进行,从而改善了航向条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel had the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道具有养护和变换模式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处曲线断裂,从而改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel take the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处曲线截断,从而改善航行条件。
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
航道经仁城县金香县,经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 18 km.
航道经仁城县金香县,经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程18公里。
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then into the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
航道经仁城县金香县,然后进入南阳湖,进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路翻新工程于二零零一年二月开工,并于二零零五年一月进行交付检查,主要投资主体为济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Yining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
两条水路的翻新工程于二零零一年二月开工施工,并于二零零五年一月进行交付检查,主要投资建设及营运机构是宜宁安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in February 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
两条水路的翻新工程于二零零一年二月开始施工,并于二零零五年二月进行交付检查,主要投资建设及营运机构是济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in December 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路翻新工程于2011年12月开始施工,交付检查于2015年1月进行,投资主体为济宁安平市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in January 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路翻新工程于2011年1月开始施工,交付检查于2015年1月进行,投资主体为济宁安平市安平运河物流服务中心。
In accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
根据“贷款建设与还贷收费”原则,济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取渠道收费。
In accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Administration.
根据“贷款建设与还贷收费”原则,济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取渠道收费。
In accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Rate Bureau.
根据“贷款建设与还贷收费”原则,济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省利率局核定的收费标准收取渠道收费。
Among them, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among them, the basic toll is 1. 5 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.5元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among them, the basic toll is 1. 50 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.5元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among them, the basic toll is 1. 05 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.05元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里干重.
Among them, the Basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里干重.
Reporters learned from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、百马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters learned from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Bai You River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、白游河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters learned from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Bai Jiang River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、白江航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters learned from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Bai River River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、白河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters discovered from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局得知,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、百马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters uncovered from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局得知,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、百马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流渠道,这些渠道以社会融资方式得到更新和改造。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are improved and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流渠道,这些渠道在社会融资方式上得到了改进和改造。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are refurbished and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流通道,通过社会融资方式翻新和翻新。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are renovated and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流通道,通过社会融资方式进行翻修。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channel, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流通道,通过社会融资方式进行升级和改造。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary canals, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流运河,这些运河以社会融资方式得到更新和翻新。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
朱水河通道升级改造工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the the part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
朱水河道升级改造工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,政府承担部分投资,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the a part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
朱水河道升级改造工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,政府承担部分投资,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
白马河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes have pure market operation.
百麻河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线线路均具有纯市场化经营.
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes implement pure market operation.
白马河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线实行纯市场化经营.
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes market pure market operation.
百麻河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线市场行情纯净市场.
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes practice pure market operation.
白马河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线实行纯市场化经营.
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes are pure market operation.
百麻河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线是纯粹的市场运营.
The funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的需要,制约了信道升级的进度。
The funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the requirements of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的要求,不能限制信道升级的进度。
The funds allotted by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的需要,制约了信道升级的进度。
The funds allocation by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政资金配置不能满足项目建设的需要,制约了信道升级的进度。
The funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and limit the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政拨款不能满足项目建设的需要,限制渠道升级进度。
The funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restriction the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的需要,不能限制渠道升级的进度。
Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的社会基金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy needs and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的社会基金符合国家政策需要,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表演,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has left a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现让许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has seen a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has had a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has dubbed a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁子涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现,被评为中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has called a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also suggest it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also confirm it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也证明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicates it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also evidence it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也证明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also show it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,Ning Zetao输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to defeat is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体塔公宝(Ta Kung Pao)透露,宁泽涛失败的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to win is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,宁泽涛获胜的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the main reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,Ning Zetao输的主要原因在于他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Many factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多因素都会影响他将来的想法,他现在更想进入娱乐圈了。
Many circumstances may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多情况可能对他的未来想法有重大的影响。他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
Many influences may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多影响可能对他的未来想法有很大影响,他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
Many events may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多事件可能对他的未来想法有重大的影响。他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
Many experiences may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多经历对他的未来想法可能有很大影响,他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
Many factors may have a great impact on his future concepts. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多因素可能对他未来的理念有重大的影响。他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁子都立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为名人.
of Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛中,宁泽东以他英俊的外表和出色的表现,立即成为名人。
and Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
和喀山世界锦标赛,宁子都立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为名人。
the Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛上,宁子都立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为名人。
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with the good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁子都立刻以优美的外表和出色的表现成为名人.
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with he good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁子都立刻以英俊的外貌和出色的表现而成为名人.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become his label.
结果, “ 国人 ” 、 “ 鲜肉 ” 、 “ 华丽 ” 等都成了他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become him label.
结果, “ 国人 ” 、 “ 鲜肉 ” 、 “ 华丽 ” 等都成了他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become he label.
结果, “ 国人 ” 、 “ 鲜肉 ” 、 “ 华丽 ” 等都成了他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a bad match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become his label.
结果, “ 乡下丈夫 ( 差 ) 、 “ 鲜小肉 ” 、 “ 华丽 ” 等都成了他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh good meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become his label.
结果, “ 国人 ” 、 “ 鲜肉 ” 、 “ 华丽 ” 等都成了他的标签.
A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动, 他的确有着闪闪发光的美好前景.
A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a golden new prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动,他真的有了一个崭新的前途。
A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a rich flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动, 他的确有着丰富的闪光前景.
A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a Golden flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商务活动, 他的确有着闪闪发光的前景.
A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a gold flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动, 他的确有着闪闪发光的前途.
In this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
of this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这个例子中,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
in this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
the this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
宁子陶选择退出娱乐圈,这不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
to this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
对这个例子来说,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
and this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his fame.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能够以自己的名声表演一些电视剧。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his appeal.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能用自己的吸引力表演一些电视剧。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his success.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能够随着成绩表演一些电视剧。
After all, he is still 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他还是23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
After all, he is already 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他已经23岁了,经过一定程度的学习,他能够以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看,他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比。
the Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格和前辈相比。
and Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
和宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前辈相比。
to Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资质,比起他的前辈。
in Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
在宁泽陶,需要看看他是否有足够的资格,比起他的前辈。
of Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资质,比起他的前辈。
But Ning Zetao has to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶必须看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比.
But Ning Zetao keeps to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶仍然在看他是否与前辈相比有足够的资格.
But Ning Zetao wants to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶想看看他是否与前辈相比有足够的资格.
But Ning Zetao must to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶必须看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比.
But Ning Zetao does to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶确实看他是否够格,与他的前任相比.
But Ning Zetao is to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶要看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比.
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is competent enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的能力,比起他的前任。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is senior enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否比前辈高了。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is able enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看,他是否有足够的能力与他的前任相比。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is distinguished enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,宁泽陶需要看看他是否与前辈相比有足够的显赫之处。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is credible enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看,他是否有足够的可信度,比起他的前任。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is suitable enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否与前辈相比足够合适。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is capable enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的能力,比起他的前任。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is worthy enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的价值,比起他的前任。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is fit enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否与前辈相比合适。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is talented enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否与前辈相比有足够的才华。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is respected enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否比他的前任受到足够尊重。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough comparing with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比.
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough Compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否够资格,比起他的前辈。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his successors.
但宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的继任者相比.
At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
the the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
of the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
to the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
in the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
and the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快记住,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly recognized and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快得到认可,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly known and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快为人们所熟知,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly admired and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快受到钦佩,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly noticed and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表让她很快注意到,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly liked and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快喜欢,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,2013年,她建立了自己的演播室。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she established up her own studio.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,2013年,她建立了自己的演播室。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she opened up her own studio.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,2013年,她推出了自己的工作室。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she started up her own studio.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,2013年,她创办了自己的演播室。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she launched up her own studio.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,2013年,她推出了自己的工作室。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she formed up her own studio.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,2013年,她组建了自己的演播室。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Bai participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田白参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Yan participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田仁参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Hong participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
天红参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,赢得2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Xiao participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田晓参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Li participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
天莉参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米的比赛,赢得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞争状态出现了下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state weakened and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会的单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞争状态减弱了,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slip and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会单次10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞技国家滑坡,据说他被跳水队淘汰了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympics Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,天亮的竞争状态出现了下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞争状态出现了下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Olympics, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会单次10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞争状态出现了下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
但是当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 的表演时,他成了观众的焦点。
But after he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
但在他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 的杂技表演之后,他成为了焦点.
But when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he was a focus.
但是当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 表演时,他是一个焦点。
But when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a attention.
但是当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们往哪里去? ” 的杂耍表演时,他引起了人们的注意。
But when he took on his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
但是当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们往哪里走? ” 时,他成了一个焦点。
But when he took in his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
但是当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 的杂耍表演时,他成为了焦点.
The once gold generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代杨薇、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
The once gold generation Yang Feng, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的金子一代杨风、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各式各样的演出。
The once gold generation Yang Wen, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代杨文、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
The once gold generation Yang Yi, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代杨一、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
The once gold generation Yang Yan, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代杨彦、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
The once gold generation Yang Ying, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代杨英、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫甚至获得过他个人的两次全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiao Peng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的双枚全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
And Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,也成为了拳击王。
And Chen Yanbing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈延彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,也成为了拳击王。
And Chen Huibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈惠兵在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,也成为了拳击王。
But after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但在他被误判并输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌后,他的慷慨之举赢得了太多的乐趣。
But after he was misjudged in lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是,当他误认为输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌后,他那宽宏大量的行为给他赢得了很多乐趣。
But after he was misjudged with lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是,当他被误认为输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌后,他的慷慨之举给他赢得了很多乐趣。
But after he was misjudged the lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是,当他错误地判断了伦敦奥运会上失落的金牌之后,他那慷慨的举动给他赢得了很多乐趣。
But after he was misjudged was lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是,当他被误判在伦敦奥运会上输掉了金牌后,他的慷慨之举使他赢得了很多乐趣。
But after he was misjudged that lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是当他误认为在伦敦奥运会上输了金牌后,他的慷慨之举给他赢得了很多乐趣。
However, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, those game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, such game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这样的游戏玩家主要关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去变种表演。
However, some game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,一些游戏玩家主要关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, is game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,是游戏玩家主要关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去变种表演。
However, These game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的节目。
However, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
然而,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
However, no matter whether someone are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
然而,无论一个人是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
However, no matter whether they are retired or active athlete, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
然而,无论他们是退役运动员还是现役运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
However, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performances to win in the entertainment circle.
然而,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空间状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a free state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上,运动员们只是处于一个自由的状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capability and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空间状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of functionality and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此在功能和连接方面,运动员们只是处于一个空间状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of resources and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此,在资源和连接方面,运动员们只是处于一个空间状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of ability and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空间状态。
Even for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是天亮和刘宣,在娱乐圈里也不是什么新鲜事,人们在提到他们的时候,总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
Even for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not newcomer in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是天亮和刘宣,在娱乐圈里也不是新来的人,人们在提到他们的时候,总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
Even for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not young in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是天亮和刘宣,在娱乐圈里还不太年轻,人们在提到他们的时候,总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
and for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
对于天亮和刘宣来说,他们在娱乐圈里并不新鲜,在提到他们的时候,一般人总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
the for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
对天亮和刘玄来说,在娱乐圈里并不新鲜,一般人总是在提到他们的时候想到他们在奥运会上的表演。
to for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
对天亮和刘玄来说,在娱乐圈里不是新鲜事的,一般人总是在提到自己在奥运会上的表演时想起自己。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiao Peng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is often Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中经常是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is usually Olympic Games Champion.
而杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中通常都是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is all Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中被介绍为奥运冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is as Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中被介绍为奥运冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is never Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺展上的介绍从来不是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champions.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺展上的介绍一直是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Winner.
而杨薇和李小鹏在综艺展上的介绍,总是奥运会的胜利者。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games champions.
而杨薇和李小鹏在综艺展上的介绍总是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Team.
而杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运队。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show are always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show as always Olympic Games Champion.
以及杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中一如既往的奥运冠军的介绍。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show shows always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中总是介绍奥运会冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺展上的介绍一直是奥运冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Olympics Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Game Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺展上的介绍一直是奥运冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Set Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运集锦标赛的冠军。
Compared with these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁泽涛在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军位置上略弱一些.
Compared with these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁泽东在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军地位稍弱一些.
Compared with these players, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些球员相比, 宁泽涛在世界游泳锦标赛的夺冠成绩略逊.
Compared with these men, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些男子相比, 宁泽东在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军地位稍弱一些.
Compared with these athletes, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些运动员相比, 宁泽涛在世界游泳锦标赛的夺冠成绩略逊.
Compared with these who, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些球员相比, 宁子都稍逊于世界游泳锦标赛的冠军.
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swim world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a Swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比,宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好。
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimmer world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这一世界游泳冠军的称号并不怎么好.
Compared with these men, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Compared with these athletes, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些运动员相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的称号并不怎么好.
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的退却会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause unmeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄和杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤离经过一些挫折后,将对他的形象的负面影响产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause onmeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤离经过一定的挫折后,将对其形象的负面影响产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause inmeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤离经过一些挫折后,将对其形象的负面影响产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause outmeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄和杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤离经过一些挫折后,将对其形象的负面影响产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause infinitemeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等山峰的撤离相比,宁泽东在23日的撤离经过一定的挫折后,将对其形象的负面冲击产生无穷无尽的影响。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags long behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags further behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags too behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags still behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags is behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的粉丝的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao will totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁泽太将完全依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的粉丝的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao has totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
最起码,宁泽都完全依靠他的伟大外表赢得了数以千计的粉丝的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao is totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
最起码,宁泽东完全依靠他的伟大外表赢得了数以千计的粉丝的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao must totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁泽陶必须完全依靠他的伟大外表赢得数千个巨大的粉丝的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao could totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数千个巨大的粉丝的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great look to win the support of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的粉丝的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the loyalty of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的粉丝的忠诚。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the admiration of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的粉丝的崇拜。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the love of thousands of huge fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的粉丝的爱。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of millions of huge fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以百万计的粉丝的支持。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearances than training.
在娱乐圈里,仅仅依靠良好的外观而不是训练就很难出名了。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good look than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要依靠美貌而不是训练就很难出名了。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good looks than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠长相而不是靠训练就很难出名。
It is a lot more challenging to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练就更具有挑战性。
It is a lot more harder to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,仅仅依靠良好的外观而不是训练就更难以出名了。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite aware.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都应该非常清楚。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. And as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to chose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to decide, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何决定,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to do, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何去做,宁子都应该很清醒。
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看, 在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感.
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and decreases people's loneliness.
从表面上看, 在线社交平台拓展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感.
On the core, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
网络社交平台的核心是扩展我们的社交圈,减少人们的孤独感。
On the exterior, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
外观上, 在线社交平台拓展了我们的社交圈,降低了人们的孤独感.
On the surfaces, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看,在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感。
On the contrary, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
相反, 在线社交平台能扩展我们的社交圈,减少人们的孤独感.
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还逐渐走向了离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaced the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replacing the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly altering the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly transforming the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还逐渐走向了离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changes the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,而且还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
The benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are apparent, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的好处显而易见、方便快捷,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are common, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是常见的、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are broad, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
网络社交网络的效益广泛、方便、快捷,特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are simple, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的优点是简单、方便、快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are easy, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的优点是容易、方便、快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 56 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,56%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 58 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,58%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 54 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,54%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,而且与日常生活中的手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 52 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,52%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 55 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,55%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯同步,这符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirements of modern college students. "
社会网络具有成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯速度快等特点,符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the need of modern college students. "
社会网络具有成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯速度快等特点,满足了现代大学生的交流需求。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the needs of modern college students. "
社会网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯速度快,满足了现代大学生的需求。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous interaction among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络具有成本低、传输速度快、人与人之间同时互动的特点,符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social network features low cost, quick transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络具有成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯速度快等特点,符合现代大学生的交流需求。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social issues are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会问题,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concern are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social considerations are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会考虑,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social questions are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社交问题,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social worries are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会担忧,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
New comers in the company loves online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更加亲密。”
New comers in the company enjoy online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉对方。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
New comers in the company like online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司里新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更加亲密。”
New comers in the company feel online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
刚来公司的新来者觉得在网上与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉对方。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
People who love to make friends also love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又变得熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends often love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人经常喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又变得熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends can love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人可以喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又变得熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends may love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人可能会喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends have love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人都喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends are love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人都喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系数倍于网外朋友。
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online connection is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都是在线的,他的在线联系是网友的多次。
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contacts is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系数倍于网外朋友。
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online interaction is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线互动是网外朋友的多次。
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online interactions is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线互动是网外朋友的多次。
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online reach is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线社交能力是网外朋友的数倍。
Wu Yan himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也承认,网络更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Yan himself said that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也说网络更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Yan himself revealed that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也透露了网络的 “ 成分 ” 更多.
Wu Yan himself admits that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也承认,网络 更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Yan has admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦已承认网络 更加 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Yan herself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也承认,网络更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
" You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达。
" You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a little of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有一点点时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达。
" The communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communication hidden above one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证上方的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communication hidden beneath one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给彼此更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communication hidden under one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communication hidden at one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证上的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communication hidden outside one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证外的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率。现实生活中的各种社会关注可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social issues during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的演讲权利和效率。现实生活中的各种社会问题可能立即在互联网上被消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social worries during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率,现实生活中的各种社会担忧可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social problems during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率,在现实生活中的各种社会问题可能立即在互联网上被消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social questions during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有同样的权利和效率说话。现实生活中的各种社会问题可能立即在互联网上被消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social fears during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的言论权利和效率。现实生活中的各种社会恐惧可能立即在互联网上消除。”
However, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 小鹏, 吴彦的朋友, 认为吴彦是个 “ 非常无聊 ” 的.
However, Xiao Leng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 小冷, 吴彦的朋友, 认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊 ” 的.
However, Xiao Peng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友肖鹏却认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊的 ”.
However, Xiao Deng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友小邓却认为吴彦是个 “ 非常无聊的 ”.
However, Xiao Fung, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友肖凤却认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊的 ”.
However, Xiao Sheng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友肖盛却认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊的 ”.
Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiao Peng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里见面聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they respective active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里见面聊天,他们俩熟悉彼此,因为他们各自是积极的演说者。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they two active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里见面聊天,他们两人熟悉对方,因为他们是两个活跃的扬声器。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they were active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they both active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里见面聊天,他们两人熟悉对方,因为他们都是活跃的演说者。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his opinions. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his ideas. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的想法,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his opinion. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his thoughts. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,并不主动表达他的想法,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and doesn not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,不主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
灵水警方也参与了调查,而灵水交通部门也将加大努力,纠正车辆的违规操作。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operations of vehicles.
灵水警方也参与了调查,而灵水交通部门也将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法操作。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operating of vehicles.
灵水警方也参与了调查,而灵水交通部门也将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法操作。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal functioning of vehicles.
灵水警方参与调查,而灵水交通部门亦会加强整顿非法车辆的运作。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal movement of vehicles.
灵水警方参与了调查,而灵水交通部门也将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法行驶。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal behavior of vehicles.
灵水警方也参与了调查,而灵水交通部门也加大了整改车辆违法行为的力度。
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在官邸被撞坏了。”
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the house. "
“8月4日的冲突还没有获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在房屋内被撞坏了。”
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the home. "
“8月4日的冲突还没有获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在家中被撞坏了。”
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the apartment. "
“8月4日的冲突还没有获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在公寓里被撞坏了。”
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residency. "
“8月4日的冲突还没有获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在住宿时被撞坏了。”
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the property. "
“8月4日的冲突尚未取得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另有两名司机的出租车被打碎了。”
" Now the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“现在三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能够加大努力进行翻修。”
" Currently the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
目前,三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,希望有关部门能加大改造力度。
" Already the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“三轮车已经大部分在夜间非法运行,我们希望有关当局也能加大努力进行翻修。”
" But the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
但三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能够加大努力进行翻修。
" Here the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“这里的三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能加大努力进行翻修。”
" And the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“而且三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能加大努力进行翻修。”
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still needs further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two case. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起投诉,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The motives for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从灵水利县公安局了解到,警方现已受理两起投诉,两起投诉的动机何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reason for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and collaborate with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and cooperate with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与数个部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply at the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply through the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门通过县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply with the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter followed the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随着“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follow the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter following the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者随同“中医”诊所服务组前往东港西湖镇河沟村。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter after the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者经过“中医”诊所服务组前往东港西湖镇河沟村。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter joins the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者加入“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 6 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约6公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitation.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和物质条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical constraints.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和物质条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical difficulties.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体困难,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical problems.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体问题,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, amatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、数学和儿科等部门。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, thematology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、神学和儿科等部门。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, inmatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、内科和儿科。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, ofmatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、数学和儿科等部门。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, clinical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、临床、呼吸、精神病学、皮肤学和儿科等部门。
Many villagers learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers learned that clinic specialists would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民知道诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers learned that clinic professionals would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民知道诊所的专业人士会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers learned that clinic expert would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers learned that clinic specialist would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers learned that clinic researchers would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民知道诊所的研究人员会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
The 66-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年66岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
The 71-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
71岁的薛女士患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直患“哮喘”,气喘吁吁,甚至还在斜坡上行走。
The 68-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
68岁的薛女士患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰,因此喘气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上行走也喘不过气来。
The 65-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
65岁的薛女士患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰,因此喘气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上行走也喘不过气来。
The 63-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年63岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生告诉薛医生,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost difficult to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生告诉薛医生,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是困难的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be cured with medication.
医生告诉薛医生,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,这些问题可以通过药物治愈。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-older man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-elderly man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所里,一位60岁的老人前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man arrived for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man appeared for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man visited for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 18 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子18岁了,从3岁起左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 3 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子3岁了,从3岁起左脚就被狂犬症缠绕着。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years up.
小孙子11岁了,自从3岁起,左脚被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years young.
小孙子11岁了,从小就被左脚的狂犬病所困扰。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was affected with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起左脚就被狂犬症感染了。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这人不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but viral eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人,这不是狂犬病,而是病毒性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but periodic eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
经检查,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是周期性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but chronic eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是慢性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but annual eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这不是狂犬病,而是一年一度的湿疹病,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but regular eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是常规湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
我们在这个村庄提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村庄,服务小组免费提供医疗服务。
" In the village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
在村里,我们提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村里,服务队提供免费的医疗服务。
" In this village, we rendered medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
我们在这个村庄提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村庄,服务小组免费提供医疗服务。
" In this village, we delivered medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
我们在这个村庄提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村庄,服务小组免费提供医疗服务。
This free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
这个免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他的活动将继续进行。
This free clinic is only a part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
这个免费的诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他的活动将继续进行。
This free clinic is only the part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
这个免费的诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他的活动将继续进行。
This free clinic is only that part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
这个免费的诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他的活动将继续进行。
the free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他活动将继续进行。
to free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,今后会继续开展其他活动。
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
52Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
52Talk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
1Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
1 Talk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
50Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
50电话英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
4Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
电话英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
inTalk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
笔记英语培训被认为是建立在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
CEO Huang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
黄家佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Huang Jiajia said that the goal for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
黄家佳首席执行官说,未来五年的目标是为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Huang Jiajia said that the aim for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
黄家佳首席执行官说,未来5年的目标是为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Huang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the students of China.
黄家佳首席执行官说,未来五年的策略是给中国学生带来世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Huang Jiajia announced that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
黄家佳首席执行官宣布,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
It is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's main advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk”的主要优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's greatest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's major advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk”的主要优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's most advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's key advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk”的主要优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相联的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so families do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相连的,因此,家庭不必走得太远,不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and pick up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相联的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picks up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相连的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picked up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相连的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
The central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将27个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
The central bank extends business license valid period of 37 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将37个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
The central bank extends business license valid period of 28 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将28个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
The central bank extends business license valid period of 29 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将29个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
The central bank extends business license valid period of 23 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将23个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
The central bank extends business license valid period of 33 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将33个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续约将调整其拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理的业务范围。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business license " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的“支付业务许可”支付代理的业务范围。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this company will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,公司将调整拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理的经营范围。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this Foundation will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本基金会将调整拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理的业务范围。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business range of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续约将调整其拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理的业务范围。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business structure of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合企业资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次更新将调整其拟合并的《支付业务许可证》支付代理的业务结构。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking by 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service arrangement within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务安排。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service transaction within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务交易。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service agreement within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务协议。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service operation within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务业务。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销、续期,由中国人民银行办理。
The People's Bank of China shall handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销、续期,由中国人民银行办理。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation or renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销或者续期,由中国人民银行办理。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewed of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续签,由中国人民银行办理。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking project is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销、续期,由中国人民银行办理。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking process is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销、续期,由中国人民银行办理。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business type of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business categories of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款机构申请终止业务类别等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business forms of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理机构申请终止业务等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business sources of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款机构申请终止业务来源等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business series of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理机构申请终止业务系列等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payments business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant collection business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关征收业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant exchange business in an orderly manner.
有关单位应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关外汇业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant settlement business in an orderly manner.
有关机关应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关结算业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant delivery business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关交付业务。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的续期。
The People's Bank of China will proceed to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行依法办理《付款营业执照》的续期。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renew of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的续期。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the extension of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法延长《支付业务许可证》的有效期。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewed of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的续办业务。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the issue of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的发行工作。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
两次4级、4级、5级地震分别击中西藏尼马县,暂时没有人员伤亡。
Two earthquake with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
两次4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏尼马县,暂时没有人员伤亡。
Two shaking with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
两架4级、4级、4级5级地震分别击中西藏尼马县,暂时没有人员伤亡。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused briefly.
两次4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏尼马县,没有发生短暂伤亡。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused immediately.
两次4级、4级、5级地震分别击中西藏尼马县,无人员伤亡。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused overnight.
两次4级、4级、5级地震分别击中西藏尼马县,无人员伤亡。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节仍在统计核查中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still on statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节仍在统计核查中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still under statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节仍在统计核查中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still with statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节还有待统计核实。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still during statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节还在统计核查中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still without statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节仍然未经统计核实。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动,并作了重要的演讲。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important lecture.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动,并作了重要演讲。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an special speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动并作了特别演讲。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity was made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动,并作了重要演讲。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the event and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动,并作了重要的演讲。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the meeting and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席会议并作了重要发言。
The attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
与会的领队一起荣获第二轮 “ 爱源山 ” 雷锋私人船队的殊荣.
The attending leaders awarded together for the second fleet of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
与会的领军者共同荣获第二舰队 “ 爱源山 ” 雷锋私人舰队的称号.
The attending leaders awarded together for the second class of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
与会的领队一起荣获 “ 爱源山 ” 雷锋私人船队二等奖.
The attending leaders awarded together to the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
与会的领队一起荣获第二批 “ 爱源山 ” 雷锋私人船队的称号.
The attending leaders selected together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
与会领导人共同挑选第二批 “ 爱源山 ” 雷锋私人船队.
The attending leaders award together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
与会的领队一起荣获第二轮 “ 爱源山 ” 雷锋私人船队的奖项.
These 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise unit and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱元山”以实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise Units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱元山”以实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise areas and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业领域,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise projects and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱元山”以实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业项目,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise forests and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱元山”以实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5座困难的企业森林,并安置了近1000名员工。
In front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每一个重大灾害发生前,元山人民自发地组织捐款,并向社区伸出援助之手。
In midst of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每次重大灾害中,元山人民自发组织捐款,向社会伸出援助之手。
In face of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
面对每一个重大灾难,元山人民都在自发地组织捐款,并向社区伸出援助之手。
In wake of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在发生重大灾害后,元山人民自发组织捐款,向社会伸出援助之手。
In between of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每次重大灾害之间,元山人民自发地组织捐款,并向社区伸出援助之手。
In response of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
针对每个重大灾害,元山人民自发组织捐赠,向社会伸出援助之手。
Sun Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波、元山林业中心前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
Sun Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line to socialist value system.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波、元山林业中心前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是社会主义价值体系的一个长期原因。
Sun Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line support socialist value system.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波、元山林业中心前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是支持社会主义价值体系的长远原因。
Sun Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line the socialist value system.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波、元山林业中心前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是社会主义价值体系的一个长期原因。
After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
仪式结束后,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
of the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
the the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
to the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
and the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Center and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
开幕式结束后,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山的艰苦劳动纪念中心,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez在教师培训场景中说,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港发展集团合作,促进环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to implement environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez在教师培训场景中说,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港发展集团合作,实施环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to develop environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez在教师培训场景中说,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港发展集团合作,制定环境管理计划,开展植树活动。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agency are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez在教师培训场景中说,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港发展集团合作,促进环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government organizations are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez在教师培训场景中说,尼加拉瓜政府组织正与香港发展集团合作,促进环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government officials are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez在教师培训场景中说,尼加拉瓜政府官员正与香港发展集团合作,促进环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准建设运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal exactly to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,建设运河完全符合国际标准,最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal precisely to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,精确地按照国际标准建造运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal by to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,以国际标准建造运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal under to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准建设运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal as to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,在国际标准方面建造运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践相结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜环境绿化。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary student together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary classes together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary grades together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论和实践的结合,带领中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜环境绿化。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary children together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green his environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何绿化环境。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Reyes领导了造林项目的整个进程。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led on the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Reyes领导了造林项目的整个进程。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led for the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Reyes领导了造林项目的全过程。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led during the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Reyes在造林项目的整个过程中担任组长。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led led the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Reyes领导了造林项目的整个进程。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environments at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Reyes领导了造林项目的整个进程。
" We have reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" We have reason to think that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们有理由认为,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" We have reason to hope that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们有理由希望,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HK Forestry Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港林业集团还制作了植树造林培训专辑,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长期技术指导。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HK Energy Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港能源集团还制作了一张植树造林培训专辑,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长期技术指导。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HK Development Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长远成效,香港发展小组亦制作了一份植树造林训练专辑,分发给全港15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, sponsored by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai Province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第十届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Some 300 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约300名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 200 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约200名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 400 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约400名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 500 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约500名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 350 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约350名艺术家汇聚一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 250 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约250名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
On the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %.
本月第11天,塔吉克斯坦“阿韦斯塔”新闻社援引中央银行的消息说,今年头7个月塔吉克斯坦的通胀率为3.
On the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 quarters of this year was 3. 7 %.
本月11日,塔吉克斯坦“阿韦斯塔”通讯社援引中央银行的消息称,今年前7个季度塔吉克斯坦的通胀率为3.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年为5.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 is 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年为5.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2015 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2015年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年的年通胀率为5.
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
此外,报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutes in the aspect of prediction.
此外,报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial agencies in the aspect of prediction.
此外,报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial organisations in the aspect of prediction.
此外,报告还指出,在2016年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展和通货膨胀方面,政府与一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial instruments in the aspect of prediction.
此外,报告还指出,在2016年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展和通货膨胀方面,政府和一些主要国际金融工具在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In addition, the report also noted out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
此外,报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically over this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically below this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本低于这一水平。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the nation's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而我国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above that level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above these level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于上述水平。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀情况作了不同的预测。
On the other hand, Asia Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通胀情况作了不同的预测。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2015.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2015年的经济发展和通货膨胀作了不同的预测。
For both of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For these of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这些指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For the of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这些指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For all of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
就这些指标而言,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For other of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这些指标中的其他指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For those of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这些指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报道,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and foreign remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管出现了国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值和外国汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and external remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管出现了国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值和外部汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and internal remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、国内汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and international remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报道,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、国际汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and abroad remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布和海外汇款的贬值以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
On August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people ! "
8月11日,当记者在绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
On August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one plan, which is to rescue people ! "
8月11日,当记者在绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个计划,那就是救人。”
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2016 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2016年级的学生。
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2014 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2014年级学生。
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2012 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2012年级学生。
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2017 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2017年级的学生。
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2011 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2011年级学生。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
黄一林以城乡规划为主,想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都来到了那里。
anded in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
在城乡规划中,黄一林想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都来到了那里。
ofed in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
黄一林以城乡规划为主,想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都来到了那里。
theed in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
在城乡规划中,黄一林想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家被绑在那里。
At around 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At around 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest at the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At around 9 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午九点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
Not walking too far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们没有走得太远,看见一群人大喊大叫,于是他们走近,好奇。
Not walking too far, they noticed a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们没有走得太远,他们看见一群人大叫,于是他们走向好奇。
Not walking too far, they saw a group of people yelling, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走得太远,看见一群人大吼大叫,于是他们走近,好奇地问道。
Not walking too far, they saw a group of people arguing, so they approached for curiosity.
他们没有走得太远,他们看到一群人争吵,于是他们为了好奇而走近。
the walking too far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走得太远,看见一群人大喊大叫,于是他们走近,表示好奇。
of walking too far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走得太远,看见一群人大喊大叫,于是他们走近,好奇。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brain left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水中跳动着,只是她的小脑袋从水面上掉下来,不停地沉下去。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just vanished and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brain left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘在水中拼命地颤抖着,只是她的小脑袋在水面上,不停地下沉。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just gone and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brain left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩走了,小姑娘拼命地在水里跳着,只是她的小脑袋在水面上,不停地下沉。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just drowned and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brain left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩淹死了,小姑娘拼命地在水里跳着,只是她的小脑袋掉在水面上,不停地沉下去”,黄毅林立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little mind left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水中跳动着,只是她的小心留在水面上,不停地沉下去。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brains left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水中跳动着,只是她的小脑袋留在水面上,不停地下沉。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin discovered that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她触不到底部!
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin noticed that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林注意到她不能触摸底部!
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin finds that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin discovers that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
in jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
在跳入水中时,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
The calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
平静的河底有湍急的流水。
The calm-looking river was rapids in the bottom.
平静的河水在底部湍急。
The calm-looking river has rapids in the bottom.
平静的河流底部有湍流。
The calm-looking river is rapids in the bottom.
平静的河水在底部湍急。
The calm-looking river with rapids in the bottom.
平静的河水,底部有湍流。
The calm-looking river had rapids in the middle.
平静的河水在河的中间急流。
But she still desperately swam to the little girl.
但她还是拼命游向小女孩。
But she still frantically swam to the little girl.
但她仍然疯狂地游向小女孩。
But she still desperately splashed to the little girl.
但她还是拼命地向小女孩泼水。
But she still desperately floated to the little girl.
但是她还是拼命地飘向那个小女孩。
But she still desperately ran to the little girl.
但是她还是拼命地跑向那个小女孩。
But she still desperately went to the little girl.
但是她还是拼命去找那个小女孩。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄一林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米远的距离几乎把她累透了。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore she out.
黄一林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离她几乎筋疲力尽了。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore herself out.
黄一林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离几乎把自己累垮了。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore the out.
黄一林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离差一点就跑完了。
Huang Yilin admitted the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄一林承认河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离几乎把她累坏了。
Huang Yilin added the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄一林补充道,河水泥泞,奔跑很快,只有5米远的距离几乎把她累垮了。
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is especially slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is rather slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡很滑,恐怕我连下沉的力量都没有。”
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is quite slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡很滑,恐怕我连下沉的力量都没有。”
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is terribly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡太滑了,恐怕我连下沉的力量都没有。”
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is very slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡很滑,恐怕我连下沉的力量都没有。”
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
黄怡琳向母亲求助,听到女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图抢救,被别人抓住。
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to help and was held up by other people.
黄怡琳向母亲求助,听到女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图帮助,被别人抓住。
" Now, in retrospect, it's really scared ! To be honest, when my child does not hold on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon. "
“现在回想起来,这真是吓坏了!老实说,我的孩子不守住河岸,我的心很快就碎了。”
" Now, in retrospect, it's really scared ! To be honestly, when my child does not hold on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon. "
“现在回想起来,这真是吓坏了!老实说,我的孩子不守住河岸,我的心很快就碎了。”
" Now, in retrospect, it's really scared ! To be honest, when my child does not hang on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon. "
“现在回想起来,真是吓坏了!老实说,我的孩子不系在河岸上的时候,我的心很快就碎了。”
" Now, in retrospect, it's really scared ! To be honest, when my child does not grasp on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon. "
“现在回想起来,这真是吓坏了!老实说,我的孩子没有抓住河岸的时候,我的心很快就碎了。”
" Now, in retrospect, it's really scared ! To be honest, when my child does not grab on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon. "
“现在回想起来,这真是吓坏了!老实说,我的孩子没有抓住河岸的时候,我的心很快就碎了。”
" Now, in retrospect, it's really scared ! To be honest, when my child does not keep on to the riverbank, my heart is broken soon. "
“现在回想起来,这真是吓坏了!老实说,我的孩子不继续沿着河岸走的时候,我的心很快就碎了。”
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Ms. Yin said with a lingering worry that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Ms. Yin said with a lingering anxiety that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士怀着一种持续的焦虑说,尽管有危险,她仍然支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放入那场戏,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Ms. Yin said with a lingering hope that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,尽管面临危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被安排在那个场景里,她也为女儿感到骄傲。
Ms. Yin said with a lingering doubt that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,尽管危险重重,她仍然支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Ms. Yin said with a lingering confidence that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士满怀信心地说,尽管危险重重,她还是会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技能真的会派上用场。”
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in useful. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技能真的有用。”
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she rarely went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了这个技能后很少去游泳。“我并不认为这个技能真的有用。”
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill actually to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这种技能真的会派上用场。”
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill ever to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这种技能会派上用场。”
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill not to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技能会派不上用场。”
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Student " well-known in her class and ready to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里闻名的“直学生”,准备提供帮助。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Student " well-known in her class and willing to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里著名的“直学生”,愿意帮忙。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Student " well-known in her class and eager to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里著名的“直学生”,渴望帮助。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Student " well-known in her class and here to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里著名的“直学生”,在这里帮忙。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Student " well-known in her class and up to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里闻名的“直学生”,并愿意帮忙。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Student " well-known in her class and Ready to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里著名的“直学生”,准备提供帮助。
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,显示了青年的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month show youth vitality
月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,展现了青春活力
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪州芒市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 21 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至21日在德洪州芒市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 14 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月14日至22日在德洪州芒市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Meng City.
云南省首届青年奥运会将于8月13日至22日在德洪州蒙市举行。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,组织委员会在德洪州芒市举行新闻发布会,介绍组织情况和开幕式。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Meng City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,组织委员会在德洪州蒙市举行新闻发布会,介绍组织情况和开幕式。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to announce the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,在德洪州芒市,组织委员会召开新闻发布会,宣布组织和开幕式。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to explain the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,组织委员会在德洪州芒市举行新闻发布会,对组织情况和开幕式进行说明。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to launch the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,组织委员会在德洪州芒市举行新闻发布会,启动组织和开幕式。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to promote the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,组织委员会在德洪州芒市举行新闻发布会,宣传组织工作和开幕式。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,由芒市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Department and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,由芒市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
There are 11 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等11个项目,涉及180件小项目。
There are 12 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
奥运会共有12个项目,涉及180个小型项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
There are 14 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等项目共14件,涉及180件小型项目。
There are 18 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有18个项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等,涉及180个小项目。
There are 16 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有16个项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等,涉及180个小项目。
There are 13 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有13个项目,涉及180个小型项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任、省体育局副主任张茵表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal races ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任、省体育局副主任张茵表示,按照“政府主导、市场化、节俭竞赛”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal event ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任、省体育局副主任张茵表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭活动”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal team ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任兼省体育局副主任张茵表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭团队”的原则,所有准备工作已就绪。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal competition ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任、省体育局副主任张茵表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞争”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal sport ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任、省体育局副主任张茵表示,按照“政府主导、市场化、节俭运动”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银塔风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Peak Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银峰风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已竣工。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Temple Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银庙风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Mount Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银山风景区山地自行车跑道德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Point Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银角风景区山地自行车跑道德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Rock Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满市义雄摔跤场、银石风景区山地自行车跑道德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已经完成。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the different venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在不同的地点为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, in which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 560 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了560名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 540 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了540名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 220 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了220名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the same time, 70 medical personnel and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 12 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和12辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 10 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和10辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 18 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和18辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 15 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和15辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is blended the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题与云南少数民族的传统体育特色融合在一起,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is fused the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,融合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is merged the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is integrated the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is synthesized the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,综合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生共有1 500名。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and additional 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,德宏职业学院共部署了1 500名学生演员和另外500名专业演员。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and another 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院的学生演员总数为1 500人,另外还有500名专业演员。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and more 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院的学生演员总数为1500人,专业演员超过500人。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and others 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,共部署了来自德宏职业学院的1 500名学生演员和其他500名专业演员。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and around 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院的学生演员共有1 500人,专业演员约有500人。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式。德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs aspects of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs elements of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式。德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地区文化和民俗元素。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs characteristics of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Meng City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪州蒙市的地域文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式。德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was ended and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was interrupted and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作被打断,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was concluded and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was completed and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经完成,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was finished and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经完成,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
The artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大.
The artistic performances of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大.
The artistic performing of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大.
The artistic production of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术作品规模相对较大.
The artistic portion of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术部分规模相对较大.
The artistic part of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术部分规模相对较大.
From September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘半价车。
From September 1, people age 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘半价车。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 61-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,61岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 64-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,64岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 63-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片。63岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价卡片。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 71-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,71岁的姚获得他给长者的半价卡片。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 72-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片。72岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价卡片。
Prior to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实行优惠政策。
Prior to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this August 1.
在此之前,济宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年8月1日起正式实行优惠政策。
Prior to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this October 1.
在此之前,济宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年10月1日起正式实行优惠政策。
to to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
为此,济宁市老年人委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
of to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
为此,济宁市老年人委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
in to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
为此,济宁市老年人委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people can apply to IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持其第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in these age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这些年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in the age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,年龄档老年人和有外国账户老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 100 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着100多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 150 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着150多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 300 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着300多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 250 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着250多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 600 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着600多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 700 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着700多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 400 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着400多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 000 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着1000多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than hundred elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着一百多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than thousand elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自八月一日以来,她经营着一千多张年长的半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than million elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着数以百万计的老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets during August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,8月1日,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets before August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,8月1日前,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets in August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,8月1日,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets on August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,8月1日,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly double-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老式双价车票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly single-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张年长的单价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly low-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张年长的低价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly extra-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年超价机票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly full-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张年长的全价车票。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly free-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年人免费机票。
Currently, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
目前,旧卡分为两种,一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
Currently, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly Half-price card.
目前,旧卡分为两种,一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
Currently, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-cost card.
目前,旧卡分为两种,一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
Currently, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-rate card.
目前,旧卡分为两种,一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
" To save time for the elderly, the system is upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with card do not need to commute twice. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次。长者如持卡,无须往返两班。」
" To save time for the elderly, the system is upgraded. The elderly free card is changed from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with card do not need to commute twice. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次改为每年一次。长者如持卡,无须往返两班。」
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证券监督管理委员会 ( 证监会 ) 官方的微博消息, 证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作.
of to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会(证监会)官方的微博消息,证券市场监察部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
the to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
在中国证监会发布的官方微博消息中,证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
and to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会(证监会)官方的微博消息,证券市场监察部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
to to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
至于中国证监会(证监会)的官方微博消息,证券市场监察部门正与深圳证交所及香港证交所紧密合作。
At the same time, the Commission set up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the same time, the Commission established up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the same time, the Commission created up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the same time, the Commission launched up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the same time, the Commission formed up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the same time, the Commission made up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到处罚。
People who sent a certain number of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送了一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也可能因欺诈罪受到惩罚。
People who sent a certain quantity of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也可能因欺诈罪受到惩罚。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages can be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也可能因欺诈罪受到处罚。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages will be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也会因欺诈罪受到处罚。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud message may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人,即使没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到处罚。
The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院判决,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Dongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院判决,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间通过东拜县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Nanbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院判决,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间通过南白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendants Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院的庭审裁定,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间,通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the prosecutor Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院的审判认定,2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间,检察官李惠王通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送了欺诈信息。
In the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南阳市沃龙区的一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,并被警方逮捕。
In the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came into a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次进入南阳市沃龙区一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,并被警方逮捕。
In the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came in a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南阳市沃龙区的一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
In the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendants once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年,2009年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南阳市沃龙区一家酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在评估之后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 61, 228 mobile phone users.
在评估之后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致61,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 63, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在评估之后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了63,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 61, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在评估后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了61,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 227 mobile phone users.
在评估之后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,227个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 229 mobile phone users.
在评估之后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,229个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序终结后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 63, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序终结后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用伪基地站共向特定数目人士发送63,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 61, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序终结后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用伪基地站,共向特定数目人士发送了61,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 6, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序终结后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用伪基地站共向特定数目人士发送6,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Hui Jing used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序终结后,法庭裁定被告李辉京利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Hui Yang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序后,法庭裁定被告李辉扬利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是未遂犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对认罪有良好态度,似宜采取给予较轻惩罚的意见。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward declaration of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是未遂犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对宣布有罪持良好态度,似宜采取给予较轻惩罚的意见。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward confession of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是未遂犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对认罪有良好态度,因此似宜采取给予较轻惩罚的意见。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward surrender of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是未遂犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对自首持良好态度,似宜采取较轻处罚的意见。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward showing of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是未遂犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对犯罪表现态度良好,因此,似宜采取较轻处罚的意见。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admissions of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是未遂犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对认罪有良好态度,似宜采取给予较轻惩罚的意见。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的全面犯罪性质和认罪态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的监禁,并处1万元以下罚款。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward declaration of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的全面犯罪性质和对宣告有罪的态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的监禁,并处1万元以下罚款。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward confession of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的全面犯罪性质和对供认犯罪的态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的监禁,并处1万元以下罚款。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admitting of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的全面犯罪性质和认罪态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的有期徒刑,并处1万元以下罚款。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward surrender of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的全面犯罪性质和自首态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的监禁,并处1万元以下罚款。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward acceptance of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的全面犯罪性质和服罪态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的有期徒刑,并处一万元以下罚款。
Siberian tigers are currently classified as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
西伯利亚虎目前被世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 列为濒危物种的濒危物种.
Siberian tigers are currently listed as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 《濒危物种红名单 》 目前将西伯利亚虎列为濒危物种.
Siberian tigers are currently evaluated as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 《濒危物种红名单》目前评价西伯利亚虎为濒危物种.
Siberian tigers are presently classified as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
西伯利亚虎目前被世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 《濒危物种红名单 》 列为濒危物种.
Siberian tigers are total classified as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
西伯利亚虎被世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 列为濒危物种的濒危物种.
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局称,1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 found that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局称,1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据发现,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1999 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局称,1999年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1997 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局称,1997年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 2002 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局称,2002年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 2006 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局称,美国和俄罗斯等国家在2006年联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
the to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
1998年,美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
of to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
1998年,美国、俄罗斯等国家联合监测的吉林省林业局数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
and to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
of to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
近年,吉林省吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春逐步加强野生动物保护工作,东北东北虎类种群数量明显增加
the to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
近些年,吉林省吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北东北虎类种群数量正显著增长
to to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
近年来,吉林省吉林省林业保护部部长余昌春逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群明显增加
and to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
近些年,吉林省吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春逐步加强对野生动物的保育工作,东北虎、东北豹的数量正明显增加
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Conservation, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 44 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和44只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 43 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和43只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 41 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和41只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 32 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和32只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 40 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和40只东北豹。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄两国的合作对东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北虎是中俄边境地区保护野生动物的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is noteworthy for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄两国的合作,对于东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有显著意义,东北虎是中俄边界野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is notable for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄两国的合作,对东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有显著意义,东北虎是中俄边境地区保护野生动物的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is important for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄合作对中俄两国东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要的意义,东北豹是中俄边界野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is unique for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄合作是中俄两国在中俄边境地区保护野生动物的龙头物种——东北东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖方面的独到成果。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the China-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄两国的合作对东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北虎是中俄边境地区保护野生动物的龙头物种。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
of to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
吉林省政府林业部与吉林省政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
and to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
吉林省政府与吉林省林业局建立了与俄罗斯政府长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
to to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
吉林省政府向吉林省林业局建立了与俄罗斯政府长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
the to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
吉林省政府林业部与吉林省政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russia government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Summit which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际峰会上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Meeting which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际会议上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Dialogue which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际对话中,中俄林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal conservation organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry departments and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
of to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
与吉林省林业局合作,加强中俄虎豹保护工作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
the to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
与吉林省林业局合作,加强中俄虎豹保护工作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
and to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
与吉林省林业局合作,加强中俄虎豹保护工作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
to to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
向吉林省林业局提出,加强中俄虎豹保护合作不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙福建是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,此外,他不动声色,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently violating the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙福建是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违反党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,此外,他不动怒,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently broke the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙福建是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他因暴力破坏党的纪律而失去了理想和信念,此外,他不动声色,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently break the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙福建是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他因暴力破坏党的纪律而失去了理想和信念,此外,他不动声色,也不违反规定,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not detringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙福建是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,此外,他不诽谤和违反规则,这种行为是卑鄙而严肃的。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not antringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙福建是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,此外,他不动怒,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely negative social impact.
在发生这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会产生了极为不利的影响。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely poor social impact.
在 发生 这 一 案件 和 一些 新闻 媒介 报导 之后, 这 已经 成为 案件 的 焦点, 造成 的 社会 影响 极差 。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely serious social impact.
在 发生 这 一 案件 和 一些 新闻 媒介 报导 之后, 这 已经 成为 案件 的 焦点, 产生 了 极为 严重 的 社会 影响 。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely high social impact.
在 发生 这 一 案件 和 一些 新闻 媒介 报导 之后, 这 已经 成为 案件 的 焦点, 产生 了 极大 的 社会 影响 。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely real social impact.
在 发生 这 一 案件 和 一些 新闻 媒介 报导 之后, 这 已经 成为 案件 的 焦点, 产生 了 极为 真实 的 社会 影响 。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and Immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
之后,海口市公安局对国际刑警分遣队领导人予以高度重视,立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队主动进行调查。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great significance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件发生后,海口市国际刑警组织分遣队公安局领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great priority and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件发生后,海口市国际刑警分遣队公安局领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great responsibility and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件发生后,海口市国际刑警组织分遣队公安局领导人担负重大责任,并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队主动进行调查。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great concern and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
the the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
本案中,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队主动进行调查。
of the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
针对本案,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队主动进行调查。
and the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
并举个例子,海口市公安局的刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately chased and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警察立即在互联网上追逐和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警察还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately hunted and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上搜捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately tracked and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上追踪和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately investigated and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上对嫌疑人进行调查和攻击,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately stalked and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上跟踪和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是小偷,屡次被公安机关处理,具有较强的反侦察能力,而且长期吸毒,经常吸毒成瘾,使审判工作相当困难。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the sometimes drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是小偷,屡次被公安机关处理,具有较强的反侦察能力,长期吸毒,有时吸毒成瘾,使审判工作相当困难。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequently drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是累犯,屡次受到公安机关的处理,具有很强的反侦察能力,长期吸毒、吸毒成瘾,使审判工作更加困难。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequent drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是累犯,屡次受到公安机关的处理,具有很强的反侦察能力,长期吸毒、吸毒成瘾,使审判工作更加困难。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the many drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是小偷,屡次被公安机关处理,具有较强的反侦察能力,而且长期吸毒、吸毒成瘾,使审判工作相当困难。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the long drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是小偷,屡次受到公安机关的处理,具有很强的反侦察能力,长期吸毒、吸毒成瘾,使审判工作更加困难。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping shark, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely widespread in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰岛和冰岛周边北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely concentrated in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰岛和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely found in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛存在于格陵兰岛和冰岛周边北大西洋水域,在其成年年龄为4-5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distribution in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,在格陵兰和冰岛周围北大西洋水域分布广泛,成年时长4至5米。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, indicating that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland sharks may have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extended-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能会延长。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extreme-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能非常长。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an intermediate-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能中年。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very rare in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常罕见。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very sparse in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very uncommon in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中很罕见。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very lacking in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是格陵兰鲨却缺乏这种钙化组织。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very abundant in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常丰富。
A new study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A new study led by Julius Peters of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的Julius Peters领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜用于放射性碳约会的问题。
A new study led by Julius Jensen of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·詹森(Julius Jensen)领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A new study led by Julius Lange of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的Julius Lange领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜用于放射性碳约会的问题。
A new study led by Julius Petersen of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·彼德森(Julius Petersen)领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A new study led by Julius Nielsen of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的JuliusNielsen领导的一项新的研究,转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜用于放射性碳约会的问题。
This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
This method had previous been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是第一次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
This method had already been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法已经用于确定鲸鱼的年龄,但它是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the new time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用于确定鲸鱼的年龄,但现在是确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄的新时间。
This technique had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这项技术以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimate at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error around 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差大约为120岁。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error about 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差约为120岁。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error at 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error measuring 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 500 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最高年龄是500岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 1851 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最高年龄可能是1851岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 278 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是278岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 281 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是281岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 254 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是254岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成人年龄,至少要到156岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of two.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成年年龄,至少要到两岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of c.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的距离上发育成性,也就是说,它只能达到成年年龄,至少要到C岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of one.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成年年龄,至少要到一岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is claimed to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成人年龄,至少要到156岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is said to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据说在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成人年龄,至少要到156岁。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,研究者在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被称作地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,它超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 212 years ).
因此,研究者们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 212 岁 ) 。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 214 years ).
因此,研究者在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被称作地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,它超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸(214岁)的年龄。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 213 years ).
因此,研究者们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 213 岁 )
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 215 years ).
因此,研究者在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被称作地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,它超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸(215 岁 ) 的年龄。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 221 years ).
因此,研究者们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸(221岁)的年龄。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundations for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying basis for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for encouraging the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为鼓励人民币国际化打下了基础。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promote the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the Internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
From the point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From the point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be relatively stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率有望相对稳定。
From the point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be heightened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望提高,汇率总体稳定。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常出现,在波动过程中,人民币的汇率会起起伏波动。
Ever since the Exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自从汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常出现,在改革过程中,人民币的汇率会起起伏波动。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often occurs, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常发生,在汇率变动过程中,人民币汇率会起伏波动。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often shows, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常表现出来,在汇率改革过程中,人民币币值经常会起伏波动。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often exists, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就一直存在,在汇率改革过程中,人民币币兑美元汇率的波动时有起有伏。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appeared, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常出现,在汇率变动过程中,人民币汇率会起起伏波动。
Last year, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币兑美元汇率在过去十年中大幅升值。
Last year, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The increase of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币兑美元汇率在近10年中大幅度上扬。
Last year, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The exchange of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币兑美元汇率在近10年中占有重要地位。
Last year, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The inflation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,过去10年人民币兑美元汇率的通胀率相当高。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施以来,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the old appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施以来,人民币的旧升值状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the traditional appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施以来,人民币的传统升值状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the former appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施以来,人民币的过去升值状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the normal appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施以来,人民币的正常升值状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
the the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革的实施,改变了人民币的以往升值状态,一年内人民币汇率的中央对等汇率为8%左右。
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR权值货币.
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR Weight currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币,人民币将成为SDR的加权货币。
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR value currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将成为SDR的货币价值.
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR rate currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR利率货币.
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR unit currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR的单位货币.
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR currency currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将成为SDR货币.
This week, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计表明,今年头7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较去年同期下降3%。
This week, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 quarters of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计表明,今年前7季度中国进出口额为13.21万亿元,较去年同期下降3%。
This week, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period previous year.
本周,中国海关总署发布统计,今年首7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较上年同期下降3%。
In July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
in July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
of July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额较上年同期仅下降了0.9%,特别是出口额较上年同期增长了2.9%。
the July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
and July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月和7月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
to July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
截至7月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
Relevant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts thought that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts emphasized that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家强调,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有很高的期望。
Relevant experts suggested that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家建议,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts argued that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts stressed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家强调,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有很高的期望。
In July, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
In July, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year drop of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
In July, China's total import and export valued 2. 08 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.08万亿元,同比下降0.9%。
In July, China's total import and export valued 2. 03 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.03万亿元,同比下降0.9%。
In July, China's total import and export valued 2. 07 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.07万亿元,同比下降0.9%。
In July, China's total import and export valued 2. 04 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.04万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
Among them, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 342. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3428亿元,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 362. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3628亿元,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 332. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为328亿元,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 352. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3528亿元,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 322. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为328亿元,增长34%。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fourth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第四个月。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This was the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although the total values of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since April this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年4月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since February this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年2月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 209 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了209个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 29 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了29个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 31 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,并打击了31个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 27 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了27个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated nine " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,并打击了9个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物3300多万元。
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 21 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物,总金额达2100多万元。
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 32 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物3200多万元。
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 34 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物3400多万元。
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 23 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了2300多万元,追回了被盗财物。
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 27 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了2700多万元,追回了被盗财物。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,数小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi some hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据盗窃团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租未经许可的出租车,然后下了出租车,几小时后聚集并乘坐出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi seven hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,七小时后聚集并乘坐出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi six hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,6小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi three hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,三小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi ten hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,10小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
During the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯法期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
of the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人通过爬上外墙和打破窗户围栏,将自上而下盗窃的地平线扫过。
to the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
至犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
in the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在违法犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙、打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
the the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人通过爬上外墙和打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
and the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
Recently, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
最近,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
the, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
of, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
其中,涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
in, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
其中,涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
and, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
to, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
徐汇公安局将嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are advised to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are encouraged to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are urged to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦须选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are warned to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦须选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are instructed to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗,并指示市民选择较硬的防盗玻璃材料。
In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)将于8月底前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In mid August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月中旬前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In early August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月初前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In Late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月下旬前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议,据《中国之音晚间新闻高峰》报道。
In August August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In July August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于今年8月前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 的 主要 成员 是 日本, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move outside Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 的 主要 成员 是 日本, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 首次 离开 非洲 的 行动 。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting is be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 以 日本 为主, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Tokyo, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 的 主要 成员 是 日本, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 东京 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
日本外务省官员说,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meet held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
日本外务省官员表示,此次在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to draw attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
日本外务省官员说,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to invite attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
日本外务省官员说,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲各国的关注。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to gather attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
日本外务省官员说,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to get attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
日本外务省官员说,在非洲举行的会议将有助于引起非洲和欧洲各国对日本的关注。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
”根据日本联合新闻社的报道,根据安倍晋三的行程,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send Parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
”根据日本联合新闻社报道,根据安倍晋三的访问,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliament groups to the countries concerned.
”根据日本联合新闻社报道,根据安倍晋三的访问,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, confirmed to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
根据安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)对京都通讯社的证实,日本自由民主党(Japan Liber Democrats)将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, announced to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
根据安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)对京都通讯社宣布的访问,日本自由民主党(Japan Liber Democrats)将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, said to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
根据安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)对京都通讯社的采访,日本自由民主党(Japan Liber Democrats)将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-hosted African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 主持 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-led African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 领导 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-funded African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 开始 于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 资助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 开始 于 1993年, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-initiated African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 发起 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also started in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also commenced in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. Why can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本为什么要放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. But can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,但是如果日本想加入联合国安理会,它能放弃非洲吗?
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. What can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的联合国票仓,如果日本想加入联合国安理会,它能放弃非洲什么呢?
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. When can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本什么时候能够放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Africa has 54 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有54个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It shall also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还应与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It can also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还可以与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It will also exchange opinions with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It will also exchange opinion with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorism activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交换意见。
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方 集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Guinea Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方 集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 几内亚 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Western Group " will visit five countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方 集团 ” 将 访问 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 在内 的 五 个 国家 。
" Western Group " will visit four countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方 集团 ” 将 访问 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 在内 的 四 个 国家 。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently expressed the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently voiced the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently affirmed the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近还在联合国安全理事会上确认了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently confirmed the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近还在联合国安全理事会上确认了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently endorsed the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近还在联合国安全理事会上赞同非洲发展会议的意图。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将提供1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 200 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将提供2,000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African states, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将提供1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)的资金。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will supply 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将供应1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will grant 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将发放1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will give 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将提供1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally think that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally consider that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to gain the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面获得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to get the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国时获得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to obtain the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面获得非洲国家的支持。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In regards of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always viewed it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always considered it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直将其视为所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always perceived it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always seen it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 结束, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthen.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 结束, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work in Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 它 在 非洲 的 工作 不会 结束, 而 会 逐渐 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the will and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
日本不会放弃这一意愿,日本有关非洲的工作不会终止,而是会逐步加强。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本在经济上具有很强的生产能力,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下,国内需求相对疲软。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the home demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本在经济上具有很强的生产能力,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是在人口老龄化的背景下,国内需求相对疲软。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the household demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
在经济上,日本的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是在人口老龄化的背景下,家庭需求相对疲软。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has continuously launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍(Abe),日本一直在不断推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has consistently launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍(Abe),日本一直推行“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly deployed the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再部署“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly attempted the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再尝试“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly tried the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再尝试“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
Yang Bojiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨波江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Bo Jiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨伯江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Bo Ying believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨伯英认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,然而,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Bo Feng believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨伯风认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,然而,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Bo Yin believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨伯银认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,然而,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Bojiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the way is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨波江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,然而,道路却充满了障碍。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本首先应该和周边国家一起做好自己的工作,而无论在地缘政治竞争中,在民族纠纷中,或在对历史问题的理解中,日本都需要采取正确的态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan has to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本首先应该与周边国家合作,不管在地缘政治竞争中,在民族纠纷中,或在对历史问题的理解中,日本都必须保持正确的态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan must to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本应该首先与周边国家合作,并且无论在地缘政治竞争中、在民族纠纷中、在历史问题上,日本都必须保持正确的态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan should to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本应该首先与周边国家合作,在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或对历史问题的理解中,都要保持正确的态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan is to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本应该首先与周边国家合作,在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或历史问题的理解中,都要保持正确的态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding states. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本首先应该与周边国家合作,而无论在地缘政治竞争中,在民族纠纷中,或在对历史问题的理解中,日本都需要有一个正确的态度。
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sunk boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林窑沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sank boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林窑沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao collision boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林窑碰撞船当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the late morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海口海事法院在清晨登记了一宗案件,以确保林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the Early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的亲属赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the appeal of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员死亡的亲属赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保护财产和扣押可疑货船的上诉。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed before Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名死亡船员的亲属冲向海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed in Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的亲属冲进海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed at Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名死亡船员的亲属冲向海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
The families of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的家属赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
After the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,指称的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on August 4, the suspected cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,疑似货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on August 4, the suspect cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,疑似货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on August 4, the accused cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,被告的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on August 4, the incident cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,事故货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害人于8月7日上午向法院递交押金保险申请。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Department, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事处8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院提交了存款保险申请。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Administration, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院提交了存款保险申请。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Chamber, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事分庭8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院提交了存款保险申请。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Center, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于8月7日上午9时00分在海事中心的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院提交了存款保险申请。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Branch, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事处8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院提交了存款保险申请。
At 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
上午4时20分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察耐心地接受其执勤。
At 4 : 30 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
上午4时30分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察耐心地收到了申请。
At 4 : 00 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
上午4时00分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察耐心地接受其执勤。
At 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by legal police on duty.
上午4时20分,原告提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,法律警察在执勤时耐心地接受了申请。
At 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by civil police on duty.
上午4时20分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,并被执勤的民事警察耐心地接收。
At 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judiciary police on duty.
上午4时20分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保护申请,司法警察耐心地接受了申请。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice Dean of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice Chair of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice Head of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice Professor of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副教授曹贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice Director of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
What are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何挑战?
What are the challenges of world economy globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何挑战?
the are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理的挑战是什么?
of are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理的挑战是什么?
and are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理的挑战是什么?
to are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理的挑战是什么?
How does national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
How does National governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
to does national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理是否适应不断变化的世界?
and does national governance adapt to the changing world ?
以及国家治理是否适应不断变化的世界?
the does national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家施政是否适应不断变化的世界?
of does national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理是否适应不断变化的世界?
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above problems.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issue.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
in then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
of then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
to then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
Fan Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
Fan Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former dean of Cornell University in Beijing.
范德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学的院长。
Fan Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former professor of Cornell University in Beijing.
范德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学教授。
Fan Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and director general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼主任,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
Fan Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and chair general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼主任,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research centers on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究集中于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research is on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究涉及全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research includes on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究包括全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research covers on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究涉及全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research focus on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Bon Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入新亮点「2016博文化节」-香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Mon Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入了2016年“蒙文化节”的新亮点--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Ming Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入了2016明文化节新亮点--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Min Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入了“2016年明文化节”的新亮点--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Nan Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入了2016年南文化节新亮点--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Ban Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入了“2016年禁烟文化节”新亮点--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓乐 、 传统点心 、 花哨装饰和风雨般的人群场面.
Gongs and drums of music, the folk snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓乐 、 民间点心 、 花哨装饰和暴风雨般的人群场面.
Gongs and drums of music, the local snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓乐 、 当地小吃 、 华丽的装饰和暴风雨般的人群场面.
Gongs and drums of music, the old snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓的音乐, 古老的零食, 华丽的装饰和狂风暴雨般的人群场面.
Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, variety decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓乐 、 传统点心 、 各种装饰和风雨般的人群场面.
Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, luxurious decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓的音乐, 传统小吃, 奢华的装饰和暴风雨般的人群场面.
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的大俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest Grand club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的大俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest formal club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的正式俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest social club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月第十二日至第十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的社交俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest cultural club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月第十二日至第十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的文化俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest concert club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月第十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的音乐会。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还添加了全家的“母池堆”。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basins for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还添加了全家的“母池堆”。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent pool for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了继续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还添加了全家人的“双亲池”。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also introduced.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还引入了全家的“母池堆”。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also created.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还为整个家庭创建了“堆母盆”。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also included.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还包括全家的“母池堆”。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
以漫画书的形式介绍了博文文化史,并在现场设置了博文主题3D自定时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅游者前来参观。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Ban theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
以漫画书的形式介绍了博文文化史,并在现场设置了禁题3D自定时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅游者参观。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, [UNK] theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
文雅文化史以漫画书的形式介绍,并以3D为主题的自定时间区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室为例,吸引众多朋友和海外旅客参观。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, a theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
文雅文化史以漫画书的形式介绍,并以三维自时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室为主题,吸引众多朋友和海外旅客参观。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, the theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
文雅文化史以漫画书的形式介绍,并以三维自时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室为主题,吸引众多朋友和海外旅游者参观。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional food area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
以漫画书的形式介绍了博文文化史,并在现场设置了博文主题3D自时区、传统食品区和传统工艺流程教室,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅游者参观。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow class.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在小型花卡流水班里体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow teaching.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在小型花卡教学中经验丰富。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow lesson.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在小型花卡流水课上体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flows classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card water classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在小型花卡水教室里体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card fall classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡秋天教室里体验了很多。
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后, 我决定过来,觉得很清新.
" After knowing this special festival website, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
“ 了解了这个特殊的节日网站之后, 我决定过来,觉得挺新鲜的. ”
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided to join and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上了解了这个特殊的节日之后, 我决定加入,觉得很清新.
" After knowing this special festival online, I chose to come and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后, 我选择了过来,觉得很清新.
" After knowing the special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上了解了这个特殊的节日之后,我决定过来,觉得很清新。
" After knowing a special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上认识了一个特殊的节日之后, 我决定过来,觉得很清新.
They said, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
They said, although there are similar festivities commemorating the elders, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然有类似的纪念老人的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
They said, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also could learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
She said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模庞大、组织有序的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”
She said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organised ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到大型且有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,我感到十分高兴。”
She said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and arranged ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到大型和安排的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”
She said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and staged ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模庞大的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”
She said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and performed ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模宏大并举行祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”
She concluded, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她最后说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模庞大、组织有序的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”
" This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,也让更多人能够理解这些传统工艺和传统。
" This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but in allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,也让更多人能够理解这些传统工艺和传统。
" This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but a allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,而且让更多人能够理解这些传统工艺和传统。
" This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but the allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,也让更多人能够理解这些传统工艺和传统。
" This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but with allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,而且让更多人能够理解这些传统工艺和传统。
" This not only embodies the diversity of Chinese culture, but to allows more people to understand these traditional craft and heritage. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,也让更多人能够理解这些传统工艺和传统。
" We do not want to make the Bon Culture Festival very horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不想让邦文化节变得非常恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是孩子,”胡彦颂说,他是这个节日的主要负责人。
" We do not want to make the Bon Culture Festival extremely horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不希望让博文化节变得极端恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是孩子,”胡彦颂说,他是这个活动的主要负责人。
" We do not want to make the Bon Culture Festival too horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不希望让博文节太恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是孩子,”胡彦颂说,他是这个活动的主要负责人。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Bon Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青春的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道,博文节背后的文化就是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Mon Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道蒙节背后的文化是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the May Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道五月节背后的文化是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Grand Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道大庆文化背后是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the A Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人懂得一个节的文化是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Mar Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道,马会背后的文化就是表达孝道和感恩。
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
他还说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"攀登比赛",不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
He the said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
他说,这次共有24支队伍参加了“攀登比赛”,不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
He said said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
他说,这次共有24支队伍参加了“攀登比赛”,不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
He added said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
他补充说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"攀登比赛",不仅由社区组织,而且还与学校联手,有学生参加。
He was said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
他说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"攀登比赛",不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
It is understood that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港千州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is accepted that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,香港仇州社区组织联合会于2011年被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is known that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港仇州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is understand that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据了解,2011年,香港仇州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is believed that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港仇州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is estimated that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据估计,香港仇州社区组织联合会在2011年被列为“国家非物质文化遗产清单”。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,前往墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexico National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧场收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,飞向墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to México City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧场收看著名的电视剧《白蛇》,前往墨西哥市数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行真正的京剧宴会。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexican City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧场收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,飞向墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等五大城市演出了七部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed six opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等五大城市演出了六部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed nine opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等5个城市演出了9部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed eight opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等5个城市演出了8部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed five opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等5个城市演出了5个歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed four opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等五大城市演出了四部歌剧。
The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Viper " episode and the actor's singing.
观众们有时会微笑,有时会因“白蛇”片的变化和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years back.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years yesterday.
我观看了玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿15年的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Rodenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·罗德内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Joyenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·乔伊内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Pamenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·帕梅内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Miguelenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·米格尔内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Adenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·阿德内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Callenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·卡列内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Delenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·德莱内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Sinenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·西内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Javierenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·哈维尔内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Carmenenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·卡门内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Juanenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·胡安内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Alenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·阿列内斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kochie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·科奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kaichie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·吉米内斯·凯奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Qichie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·吉米内斯·齐齐在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Lichie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·利奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Hochie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·霍希在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Sunchie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·松齐在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Machie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·吉米内斯·马吉在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Linchie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·吉米内斯·林奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Chichie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·奇奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Shichie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·希奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Mingchie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·吉米内斯·明奇陪伴女儿在京剧表演中的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Sochie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·索奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Chinchie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·钦奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Pochie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·波齐在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Achie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·阿齐在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Ichie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·伊奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her son in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴儿子的表演。
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I think it is necessary to let her daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让她女儿了解中国文化和中国歌剧艺术。”
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I feel it is necessary to let her daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我觉得有必要让她女儿了解中国文化和中国歌剧艺术。”
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I think it is needed to let her daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这是一种很棒的表演,它的音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为需要让女儿了解中国文化和中国歌剧艺术。”
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I think it is necessary to let her daughter know the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让她女儿了解中国文化和中国歌剧艺术。”
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I think it is necessary to let her daughter appreciate the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让她女儿欣赏中国文化和中国歌剧艺术。”
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I think it is necessary to let her daughter learn the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这是一种很棒的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让她女儿学习中国文化和中国歌剧艺术. ”
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象.
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impact on the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情深深地影响了年轻的白人女演员.
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep effect on the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情对年轻的白人女演员产生了深远的影响.
The excitement of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的兴奋情绪给年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象.
The enthusiasm of Mexico audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象。
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of play white.
墨西哥观众的热情给年轻演员的扮演留下了深刻的印象.
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond I expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们能领悟故事和笑声,我实在是太期待了。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond myself expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声,我实在想不到。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexico audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" It not occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我并没有想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughs today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们抓住这个故事,笑得不可开交。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the numerous cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多次文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the several cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的几项文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the many cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多次文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the special cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的特殊文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the respective cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Next year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
Next year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held between China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and planning
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设和规划水平
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and Management
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设与管理水平
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to strengthen the level of urban construction and management
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求加强城市建设与管理水平
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to upgrade the level of urban construction and management
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to improve the level of urban construction and management
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, talked to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双回复双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, spoke to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,介绍了“双回复双城”试点的进展情况,以及有关部门的建议和评论。
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, attended to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, read to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持座谈会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的意见。
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, discussed to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持座谈会,就“双复和双城”试点的进展情况和有关部门的建议及意见进行讨论。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stage results and good experiences and practice.
刘志贵充分肯定了舞台演出的结果和良好的经验与实践。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stage result and good experiences and practice.
刘志贵充分肯定了舞台结果和良好的实践经验.
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济和社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual Cities " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为主要内容,充分发挥示范在经济和社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration in the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济和社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot process of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”为试点重点内容,充分发挥示范在经济社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot works of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为主要内容,充分发挥示范在经济社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”为试点重点内容,充分发挥示范在经济社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
引导国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上构建国际精品。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international funique from the details.
引导国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上构建国际滑稽。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international starique from the details.
引导国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上构建国际淀粉。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international superique from the details.
引导国际旅游业国际化,丰富国际要素,建设国际独具特色。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international hotelique from the details.
引导国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上构建国际酒店。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international staysique from the details.
引导国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,构建国际留心点。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build every village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build the village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and incorporate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic city and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城市建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic township and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色乡镇建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
领导“百日社会服务投资”活动,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的落成,落实大动向的各项要求。
We should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and fulfill the various requirements of the big move.
引导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的落成,满足大型工程的各种要求。
We should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and satisfy the various requirements of the big move.
引导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的落成,满足大型工程的各种要求。
We should lead in " the 100-day social service investment movement " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
领导“百日社会服务投资运动”,推进一批重点工程和园区建设,确保高质量工程的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
We should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big drive.
领导“百日社会服务投资”行动,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
We should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big step.
引导“百日社会服务投资”行动,推进一批重点工程和园区建设,确保高质量工程的结算,落实重大工程的各项要求。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Li Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长李志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Du Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长杜志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Liu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长、省政府秘书长刘志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Ji Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长、省政府秘书长纪志远等参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Yu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长、省政府秘书长于志远参加了研究研讨会。
In the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一个中国人。
In the 14 years of her sport career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她的14年体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚奥运金牌的第一位中国人。
In the 14 years of her sporting career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚奥运金牌的第一位中国人。
In the 14 years of her athletics career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的田径生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一个中国人。
In the 14 years of her sports competition, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育比赛中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚奥运金牌的首个中国人。
In the 14 years of her sports championships, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她的14年体育锦标赛中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界锦标赛,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一个中国人。
She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她连续8年在乒乓球比赛中位居榜首,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球比赛史上最长时间里名列“世界第一位”的女性运动员。
She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a woman athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她连续8年在乒乓球比赛中位居榜首,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球比赛史上最长时间里名列“世界第一位”的女运动员。
She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and was a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她连续8年在乒乓球比赛中位居榜首,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球比赛史上最长时间里名列“世界第一位”的女性运动员。
On September 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 27, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月27日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 25, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月25日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 24, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月24日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 10, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月10日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 1, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月1日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
Recently, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
Recently, She will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
Recently, she is work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她正与余明联手打造国内首个体育产业创新创业平台。
Recently, she Jun work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她与余明通合作,共同打造了国内首个体育产业创新创业平台。
of, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
与余明通合作,建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
in, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
届时,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批的冠军。
There is also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
中国的体育圈里也有一支明星教练队,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批冠军。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champion.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批的冠军。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌在退休后选择拿起指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yu Qi chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉琪在退休后选择了拿指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retiring.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌在退役后选择拿起指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retired.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌退役后选择了拾指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retire.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌在退役后选择拿起指针。
As the first world medalist in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
黄玉斌是中国男子体操比赛中第一个获得世界奖牌的运动员,他退役后选择拿起指针。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yu Wei created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到主教练,黄玉薇创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yu Chun created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女子队主教练到男队主教练,再到主教练,黄玉春创立了一个“奥运金团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yu Qi created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女子队主教练到男队主教练,再到主教练,黄玉琪创立了一个“奥运金球队”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin formed an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女子队主教练到男队主教练,再到主教练,黄玉斌组成了“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin led an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女子队主教练到男队主教练,再到主教练,黄玉斌带领一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天良经历了广告的承销,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Ming " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天良经历了广告的背书,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷明”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Fang " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天亮经历了广告的认可,他甚至担任过“牛”、“雷芳”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Wei " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天良经历了广告的承销,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷卫”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Jing " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天亮经历了广告的认可,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷静”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Shen " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天良经历了广告的承销,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷神”等重要角色。
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的力量, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decay.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的力量, 但只要有进步, 就会衰退.
Many NBA players have proven their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的力量, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many NBA players have shown their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员已经展示了他们的实力, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many NBA players have demonstrated their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员已经展示了他们的实力, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many NBA players have showed their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员表现出了他们的力量, 但是只要有进步, 就会下降.
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的延长或者比赛时间的限制,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each year.
不管是年龄增加还是比赛时间有限,一些球员的成绩每年都会下降。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performances each season.
不管是年龄增加还是比赛时间有限,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance every season.
不管是年龄增加还是比赛时间有限,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
Whether it is because of the rise in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的上升或者比赛时间的限制,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
Whether it is because of the increased in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
不管是年龄增加还是有限的比赛时间,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
Of course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是数据萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有被降低。
Of course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been decreased.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是数据萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有减弱。
Of course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been diminished.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是数据萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有减弱。
Of course, some " retreat " may only be memory shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是记忆力的萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有减弱。
Of course, some " retreat " may only be information shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是信息萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有减弱。
Of course, some " retreat " may only be the shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是缩水,但是这些球员的力量可能并没有减弱。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现也不如热队好。
the if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
如果韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
and if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
如果韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
of if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
如果韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
to if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
如果韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
Even if Wade is now one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
即使韦德现在是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现也不如热队好。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为32.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 33. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为33.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 31. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为31.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 34. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为34.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 26. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为26.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 27. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为27.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
After coming to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
来到风城后,红星无疑会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After coming by Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
由冯成来后,红星一定会把球对准巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After coming from Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
红星从风城来后,一定会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After coming to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play fit in the regular season.
来到冯承后,红星无疑会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中打得合适。
After coming to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play good in the regular season.
来到风城后,红星一定会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛季打得好。
After coming to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play hurt in the regular season.
来到风城后,红星一定会把球对准巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中打伤球。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与Simmons和Enby争夺比赛时间和球位。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Williams and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与威廉姆斯和恩比争夺比赛时间和球。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Brown and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与布朗和恩比争夺比赛时间和球。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Smith and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与史密斯和恩比争夺比赛时间和球。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Robinson and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与鲁宾逊和恩比争夺比赛时间和球。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Monby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与西蒙斯和蒙比争夺比赛时间和球。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中占据一席之地。
This competition may not happen soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
这场比赛可能不会很快举行,西蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中找到位置。
This competition may not be soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA体育场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中找到位置。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 74 people.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在74人的长阵容中占据一席之地。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 77 people.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在77人的长阵容中找到位置。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 68 people.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在68人的长阵容中占据一席之地。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福的得分有32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前40。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 20 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福的32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的使用率也是联盟前20名。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 30 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福的得分有32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率也是联盟前30名。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 50 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福的得分有32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率也是联盟前50名。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 41 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福的得分有32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率也是该联盟排名第41位。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 10 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福的得分有32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前十。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经表现出了良好的前锋优势,恩比的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better figure more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的点向优势,恩比还有更好的身影更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better frame more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的点向优势,恩比也有一个更好的框架更适合NBA的比赛和奥卡佛的立场是难以如此坚实。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better size more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的点向优势,恩比也有一个更好的尺寸更适合NBA的比赛和奥卡佛的立场是难以如此坚实。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better height more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的点向优势,恩比也有一个更好的高度更适合NBA的比赛和奥卡佛的立场是难以如此坚实。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better maturity more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的点向优势,恩比也有一个更好的成熟度更适合NBA的比赛和奥卡佛的立场是难以如此坚实的。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his rookie.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用球率稳定在联赛前20名,这是他新手最好的两个赛季。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his franchise.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛前20名,这是他最佳的两个赛季。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two years for his career.
在过去两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两年。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two season for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this was the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will certainly decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will undoubtedly decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例无疑会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will inevitably decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例将不可避免地下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will definitely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will necessarily decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例必然会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulties.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会减少对手的防守困难。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense skill.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守技能。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense success.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守成绩。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense complexity.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守复杂性。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense quality.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守质量。
Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森。
Durant's arrival will undoubtedly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来无疑会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森。
Durant's arrival will definitely negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森。
Durant's arrival will obviously negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来显然会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森球员。
Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the least negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但是对球员的负效应最小的可能是汤普森。
Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negatively effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负面影响最大的球员可能是汤普森球员。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifices for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个团队做出牺牲。
But this does not mean that the levels of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森的退步水平,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
But this does not mean that the grade of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着Thompson的成绩会倒退,更可能是他对整个团队做出了牺牲。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency went to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency rose to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率提高到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency moved to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率降到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency returned to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率恢复到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency increased to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率提高到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second challenges for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,吉诺比利宣布了一年的第二次挑战,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second struggles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次抗争,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second struggle for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次抗争,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battle for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second fighting for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
After getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After winning the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在赢得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After earning the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在赢得第三个冠军戒指之后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After having the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the last 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the recent 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了近52年来在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, Jim has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,过去52年里吉姆刚刚在克利夫兰带来了第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, he has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,他刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Coming to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入他职业生涯的第14个赛季时,需要更好地保持他的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming to the 14th season of his career, he needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
到了他职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持体力,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming to the 14th season of his career, He needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
到了他职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持体力,为季后赛做好准备。
in to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
在他职业生涯的第14个赛季,詹姆斯需要更好地保持他的力量和准备季后赛。
to to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
在他职业生涯的第14个赛季,詹姆斯需要更好地保持他的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
the to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
在他职业生涯的第14个赛季,詹姆斯需要更好地保持他的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
and to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
在他职业生涯的第14个赛季,詹姆斯需要更好地保持他的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
of to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
在他职业生涯的第14个赛季,詹姆斯需要更好地保持他的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的负担,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three player.
因此,在常规赛赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的负担,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decay, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步衰退,他会给欧文更多的负担,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further weaken, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步削弱,他会给欧文更多的压力,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further fade, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步减弱,他会给欧文更多的负担,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further suffer, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步受损,他将给予欧文更多的权重,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
" I must carry forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的中国去申请俄罗斯. ”
" I must follow forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的中国去申请俄罗斯. ”
" I must go forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的中国去申请俄罗斯. ”
" I must continue forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我必须继续推进我在中国学到的东西,以便适用于俄罗斯. ”
" I must bring forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我必须把在中国学到的东西拿出来,适用于俄罗斯. ”
" I must take forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我一定要把在中国学到的东西推广到俄罗斯去. ”
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
当地时间9月12日,莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, president of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
当地时间一月十二日,莫斯科海外华人协会会长黄京看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, secretary of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
当地时间9月12日,莫斯科海外华人协会秘书黄京看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said eagerly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
当地时间9月12日,莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京在看到中国新闻网记者时热情地说。
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excited while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
当地时间9月12日,莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京看到中国新闻网的记者时表示兴奋。
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitement while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
当地时间9月12日,莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京看到中国新闻网记者时兴奋地说。
Not long ago, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long ago, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Department and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务部主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) 培训.
Not long ago, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Bureau and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务局主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) 培训.
Not long ago, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Administration and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务管理局主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long before, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long earlier, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
While participating in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加培训班时,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出自己的作品。
While participating in the training course just now, she did not know what to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加培训班时,她不知道如何开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出和写出自己的作品。
While participating in the training course just now, she did not know how to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加培训班时,她不知道如何开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出和写出自己的作品。
After returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将利用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为中国文化的传承和中国文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
After returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contributions for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将把在中国学到的知识和技能运用到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
to returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将运用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
and returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我会运用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为中国文化的传承和弘扬做出自己的贡献。
the returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将运用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
of returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科,我将利用在中国学到的知识和技能,回到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也参加了这次培训班,他也有同样的感觉。
At the same time, Na Yan Bai, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳颜白也有同样的感觉,他也参加了这次培训班。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same felt.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也曾参加这次培训班,他也有同样的感觉。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same sentiment.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也参加了这次培训班,他也表达了同样的情感。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feelings.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也参加了这次培训班,他也有同样的感受。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same impression.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也参加了这次培训班,印象也是一样的。
She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她感到自己是“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
She said that she made great progress with the assistance of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她觉得自己是“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who enjoy Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在中国人和喜欢中国文化的俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who like Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在喜欢中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who respect Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在尊重中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who know Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在了解中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who understand Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在懂中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
At 19 : 35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
19:35,今天,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆丽凡足球俱乐部在客场挑战了北京国安天才足球俱乐部。
At 19 : 40 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
在今天的19:40,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆丽凡足球俱乐部挑战了北京国安足球俱乐部的客场。
At 19 : 36 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
19:36,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆李凡足球俱乐部在客场挑战了北京国安天才足球俱乐部。
At 19 : 50 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
19:50,今天,在中国足球协会第22轮超级联赛中,重庆李凡足球俱乐部在客场挑战了北京国安天才足球俱乐部。
At 19 : 33 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
19:33,今天,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆丽凡足球俱乐部在客场对北京国安天才足球俱乐部进行了挑战。
At 19 : 45 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
在今天的19:45,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆丽凡足球俱乐部挑战了北京国安足球俱乐部的客场。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 77st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第77分钟,郭安夺得一分。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 80st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第80分钟,郭安夺得一分。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Pedro, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在佩德罗的帮助下,卡德克赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Felipe, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费利佩的帮助下,卡德克获得中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Diego, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在迭戈的帮助下,卡德克赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并有机会进入球场,费尔南多进行了小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
When the match went on for 10 minute, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并有机会转角,费尔南多进行了小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Yao made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并有机会在角上击球,姚明进行了小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Yang made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并有机会进入球场角,杨小角射门,并被郭安击退了基线。
When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Li made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并有机会进入球场角,李敏打着小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Liu made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并有机会转角,刘翔进行了小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
At the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第15分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔玛斯直射罚球区,刘雨抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At the 14th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第14分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔马斯直射罚球区,防守的刘玉抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At the 16th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第16分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔马斯直射罚球区,防守的刘玉抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At the 11th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第11分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔马斯直射罚球区,防守的刘玉抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At the 10th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第10分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔玛斯直射罚球区,刘雨抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At the 17th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第17分钟,张西哲沿着中场直线转了过去,伊尔马斯直射罚球区,而防守的刘玉抓住了球的第一条腿,打了一拳。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓小芳夺了球门。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xifang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,利芳门将邓新芳夺了球门。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Liufang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,利芳门将邓柳芳夺了球门。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Yifang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,利芳门将邓义芳夺了球门。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Zhaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓卓康夺下球门。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Weifang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,利芳门将邓卫芳夺了球门。
Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧的右侧拉着球门,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card for Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧的后排球场中轻轻击球,雷腾龙击倒了阿兰·卡德克,裁判判罚他一球,并出示了雷腾龙的黄牌。
Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and gave a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧的右侧拉着球门,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚他一球,并给了雷腾龙一张黄牌。
Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and awarded a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧的后排球场中轻轻击球,雷腾龙击倒了阿兰·卡德克,裁判判罚他一球,并判给雷腾龙一张黄牌。
Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and shown a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧的右侧拉着球门,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚一球,并给雷腾龙出示一张黄牌。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转过身子,转过身来进行防守。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing pitch and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转过身子来防守。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage to turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,把他的枪转过身来进行防守。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage that turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明登上了舞台,把他的武器转过来防守。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage a turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,把他的武器转过身来防守。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage the turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,把他的枪转过身来防守。
Alan Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
阿兰·卡德克在罚球区前淘汰球,费尔南多推球.
Alan Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Manuel pushed shot.
阿兰·卡德克在罚球区前把球扔掉,曼努埃尔推球.
Alan Kardec get hold of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
阿兰·卡德克在罚球区前握住球,费尔南多推球.
Alan Kardec get loose of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
阿兰·卡德克在罚球区前松开球,费尔南多推球.
Alan Kardec get free of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
阿兰·卡德克在罚球区前挣脱球,费尔南多推球.
Alan Kardec get clear of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
阿兰·卡德克在罚球区前滚出球,费尔南多推球.
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候,李凡在2:0领先。
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial matches of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛首场比赛中得分的时候. 利凡在2:0领先.
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial game of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候. 利凡在2:0领先.
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the first games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候. 利凡在2:0领先.
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the opening games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛开幕赛中得分的时候. 利凡在2:0领先.
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the inaugural games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候. 利凡在2:0领先.
Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
就在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中以决胜负,可惜他从小的角度摇了摇身一变。
Just in the beginning of the next half, Manuel won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
就在下半场开始的时候,曼努埃尔在右侧分手,赢得了任何分数,真遗憾,他小题大做了。
Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a shame that he lobbed in small angle.
就在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中以决胜负,他从小的角度摇晃了一下,真可惜。
Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a mercy that he lobbed in small angle.
就在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中以决胜负,他从小的角度大发慈悲。
Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a surprise that he lobbed in small angle.
就在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中获得了任何分数,他以小的角度大摇大摆,真是令人惊讶。
Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right half by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
就在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右半场决胜负,可惜他小题大做。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在延时收到一张黄卡后,被替代的彭新立也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also got a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在拖延的时候拿到一张黄卡之后,被选择的彭新立也拿到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also earned a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在延后时间拿到一张黄卡后,被替代的彭新立也因在罚区前犯规而拿到一张黄卡。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also had a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在拖延的时候拿到一张黄卡之后,被替代的彭新立也拿到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also faced a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在拖延的时候拿到一张黄卡之后,被替代的彭新立也因在罚区前犯规而面临一张黄卡。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also scored a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在延后时间拿到一张黄卡后,被选择的彭新立也因在罚区前犯规而得了黄卡。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明打左运球,与张思哲一起转球,邓小飞在曲球场击退了他。
At the sth minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了第一分钟,张志明左下打运球,和张思哲一起转球,在曲球场上被邓小飞挡住了。
At the ofth minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了第一分钟,张志明左下打运球,和张思哲一起转球,被邓小飞击退。
At the andth minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了第一分钟,张志明左下打运球,和张思哲一起转球,被邓小飞击退。
At the toth minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了最后一分钟,张志明左手打运球,和张思哲一起转球,在曲球中被邓小飞击退。
At the inth minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了第一分钟,张志明左下打运球,和张思哲一起转球,在曲球中被邓小飞击退。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘雨用力抓住并闯入了伊戈尔·克里米茨,他和激动人心的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the amazing Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘雨用力抓住并闯入了伊戈尔·克里米茨,他和那神奇的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the talented Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘玉用力抓住并闯进了埃戈尔·克里米茨,他和天才王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the outstanding Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘玉被强力抓获并侵入了伊戈尔·克里米茨,他和杰出的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the explosive Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘玉用力抓住并闯进了埃戈尔·克里米茨,他和炸药王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the aggressive Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘玉用力抓住并闯进了埃戈尔·克里米茨,他和侵略王东拿到了黄牌。
At the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
第63分钟,费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动很不满意,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the tord minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动很不满意,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the ofrd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动非常不满,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the andrd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
在最后一分钟,费尔南多被克里米特斯击倒,他进行了远距离的打击。费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动非常不满。克里米特斯拿到一张黄色的卡片。
At the therd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动很不满意,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the ard minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动非常不满,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minutes later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One game later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一场比赛过后,费尔南多在右侧展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One match later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一场比赛后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One goal later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一个进球后,费尔南多在右翼展示了他的远程进攻能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao headered and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大宝头顶着,还拿到一张黄牌。
At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
第86分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出了精彩的射门。
At the inth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
在第一分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出精美的射门。
At the toth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
至此,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出精美的射门。
At the ofth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
第一分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出了精彩的射门。
At the andth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
周婷向右侧飞去,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出精美的射门。
At the theth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
第一分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出精美的射门。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在决赛中保持2比1的成绩,在客场击败了郭安。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and beat Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在决赛中以2比1比1的成绩,在客场击败郭安。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeating Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在客场中以2比1比1在决赛中击败了郭安。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the hosting field.
4分钟后,李凡在决赛中保持2-1分,并在主场击败了郭安。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the hosts field.
4分钟后,李凡在决赛中保持2-1分,在主场击败了郭安。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the guest field.
4分钟后,李凡在决赛中保持2-1分,在客场击败了郭安。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排在第10位。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 9th at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第九。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the tenth at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 points, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得了27分,在记分牌上暂时排在第10位。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 marks, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得了27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 score, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排在第10位。
Lyman will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman will be an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman will remain an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼仍将是德国Bundrega亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman will become an specialist for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundrega亚洲媒体的合作伙伴,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman will become an analyst for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合伙人的分析师,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will join in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,今年秋天,联邦拉加大使莱曼和马托乌斯将代表联邦拉加在亚洲和美国继续传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga Ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,今年秋天,Bundrega大使Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续进行传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga official Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,今年秋天,联邦院的官员莱曼和马托乌斯将代表联邦院在亚洲和美国继续传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国联邦院赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga representatives Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,今年秋天,Bundrega代表Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga sponsor Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,今年秋天,Bundrega赞助人Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续传奇性的巡回演出,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨活动。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga sponsors Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,今年秋天,Bundrega赞助Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续进行传奇性的巡回演出,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨活动。
The event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个大城市,他们将致力于新赛季的预热与球迷。
The event will cover two continents and twelve top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖两个大陆和十二个顶级城市,他们将与球迷一起为新赛季的预热而努力。
The event will cover three continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖三大洲和四个大城市,他们将与球迷一起为新赛季的预热而努力。
The event will cover five continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖五大洲和四个大城市,他们将致力于新赛季的预热工作。
The event will cover four continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖四大洲和四大城市,他们将与球迷一起为新赛季的预热而努力。
The event will cover two continents and four top cities. We will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖两大洲和四个大城市,我们将与球迷一起致力于新赛季的预热。
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联邦列加是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is defined as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联邦列加被定义为五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is regarded as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联邦列加被认为是欧洲五大足球联盟之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is considered as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联邦列加被认为是欧洲五大足球联盟之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is recognized as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联邦列加被公认为欧洲五大足球联盟之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is counted as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联邦列加是欧洲五大足球联盟之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1330万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come at the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1330万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 14. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1,430万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 12. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1,230万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 3. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约330万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 2. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约230万名观众来到体育场。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
此前,德国Bundrega的微博、Youku和WeChat中国平台已经上线,因此,德国Bundrega希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online before, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着德国Bundrega的微博、Youku和WeChat中国平台(该平台以前就上线了),德国Bundrega希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previous, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着德国Bundesliga的微博、优酷和WeChat中国平台(该平台此前已上线),德国Bundesliga希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online earlier, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着德国Bundesliga的微博、优酷和WeChat中国人平台的上线,德国Bundesliga希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online ago, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着德国Bundesliga的微博、优酷和WeChat中国平台(平台)的上线,德国Bundesliga希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online recently, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着德国Bundesliga的微博、优酷和WeChat中国人平台最近上线,德国Bundesliga希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
英国在斐济大师们看到七人榄球队拿起金牌后,于是选择了七人榄球队的银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after the masterclass sees them take gold
英国人在主班看到七人榄球队拿起金牌后,便决定以七人榄球队的成绩夺得银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after a masterclass sees them take gold
英国人在七人榄球赛上看到他们拿了金牌,于是决定选择七人榄球赛
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take silver
英国在斐济大师们看到七人榄球赛中夺得银牌后,便决定以七人榄球赛来夺得银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take bronze
英国在斐济大师们看到七人榄球队拿起铜牌后,于是选择了七人榄球队的银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sixs after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
英国在斐济大师们看到六人榄球队拿起金牌后,便决定以六人榄球队夺得银牌
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛中击败了英国令人印象深刻的决赛,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,他们被全面击败43比7。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 44-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在力拓的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败,这令英国在7号橄榄球赛中令人印象深刻的决赛决裂。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 41-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在力拓的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败,令英国在7号橄榄球赛中令人印象深刻的决赛决赛陷入了僵局。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 42-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败,英国队在7号橄榄球赛中令人印象深刻的决赛决赛时陷入了僵局。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 46-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在力拓的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败,英国队在7号橄榄球赛中的表现令人印象深刻。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 45-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在力拓的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败,英国队在7号橄榄球赛中的表现令人印象深刻。
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
斐济 给 了 一 个 处理 、 卸载 、 侧身 踩踏 、 支持 、 跑步 和 野蛮 力量 的 大师 班, 以 赢得 他们 的 第一块 任何 颜色 的 奥运会 奖牌 。
the gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
为了赢得金牌--他们的第一块任何颜色的奥运奖牌--在操控、卸载、侧身、支持、排球、跑步和强力方面,都给了大师级。
in gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
奖项授予了驾驭、卸载、侧身、支持、排球、跑步和强力以赢得金牌的大师级,他们获得了第一枚任何颜色的奥运奖牌。
and gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
并授予一个主修课,处理,卸载,侧身,支持游戏,赛跑线和粗野的力量赢得金牌,他们的第一个奥运奖牌是任何颜色的。
a gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
给一个驾驭、卸载、侧身、支持、排球、跑步和野蛮力量的大师级,以赢得他们的第一块金牌,任何颜色的奥运奖牌。
of gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
给主修课的处理,卸载,侧身,支持游戏,跑线和野蛮力量赢得金牌,他们的第一个奥运奖牌的任何颜色。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛给英国银牌公司带来了不那么破败的安慰,他们可以自豪地参加奥运会七大赛开幕式,在比赛中他们一路击败新西兰、阿根廷和南非。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beating New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛给英国银牌大赛带来了不那么破败的安慰,他们可以自豪地参加奥运会七大赛开幕式,在比赛中一路击败新西兰、阿根廷和南非。
But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,不管怎么说,这种形式的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 14-man team.
但是,不管怎么说,这个表格上的斐济队会打败一个14人的球队。
But, nonetheless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,尽管如此,在这种形式上,斐济还是击败了一个15人的球队。
But, instead, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,相反,这个表格上的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
But, nevertheless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
不过,这种形式的斐济队本可以击败一个15人的球队。
But, rather, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,更确切地说,在这张表格上,斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : A's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : The's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:这位主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : of's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : He's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:他的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Line's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌。 线的首席教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It has been some journey for GB.
对英国广播公司来说,这已经是一段旅程了.
It has been much journey for GB.
对英国广播公司来说,这段路程是漫长的.
It has been many journey for GB.
对英国广播公司来说,它经历了很多路程.
It has been a journey for GB.
这是英国广播公司的旅程.
It has been considerable journey for GB.
对英国广播公司来说,这段路程相当长.
It has been long journey for GB.
对英国广播公司来说,这段路程是漫长的.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
八年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Eight years ago, with Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
八年前,他们和瑞恩在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Sydney Sevens.
八年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在悉尼七人队输了每场比赛。
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Melbourne Sevens.
八年前,在瑞恩的领导下,他们输掉了墨尔本七世的每场比赛。
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they won every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
八年前,在瑞恩的领导下,他们赢得了阿德莱德七人队的每场比赛。
Here, they lost just one.
在这里,他们只失去了一个。
and, they lost just one.
而且,他们只失去了一个。
the, they lost just one.
他们只输了一个。
of, they lost just one.
他们只失去了一个。
to, they lost just one.
他们只输了一个。
in, they lost just one.
他们只输了一个。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展令人吃惊.
This hammering will hurt but the progress is shocking.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展是令人震惊的。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is surprising.
这种敲击会受伤,但进展令人惊讶。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is stunning.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展是惊人的。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is terrifying.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展是可怕的.
This hammering will hurt but the progress is frightening.
这种敲打会伤人,但进展是可怕的.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济的比赛开始得非常出色, 跳离GB球赛以取乐.
the started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
开始的壮丽,跳离GB的球具,以取乐。
in started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
在开始的壮丽,跳离GB的球具以取乐。
of started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
开始的壮丽,跳离GB的球具,以取乐。
to started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
开始的壮观,跳下GB的球具,以取乐。
and started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
并开始壮观,跳下GB的球具,以取乐。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一连串的移动巴士,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转弯处跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0的成绩脱颖而出。
It was like running into a series of moving trucks for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和世界系列赛队长和冠军遭遇一系列的移动卡车一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转弯处跳下时,世界系列赛冠军们以5比0的成绩脱颖而出。
It was like running into a series of moving bus for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一连串的移动巴士,当奥西娅·科里尼索在球场的角落里跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0的成绩脱颖而出。
It was like running into a series of moving cars for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一连串的移动赛跑一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转弯处跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0的成绩夺冠。
It was like running into a series of moving truck for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一系列移动卡车一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在球场的角落里跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0领先。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the middle.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和世界大赛队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一系列移动巴士一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在中场跳水时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0领先。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了4分钟,在右翼下方又加上了1分钟,这架飞机被转换了。
With four minutes on the clock Jason Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟上摆了四分钟,杰森·图瓦伊又在右翼下方又加了一架飞机,这架飞机被转换了。
With four minutes on the clock Kevin Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟上摆了4分钟,Kevin Tuwai又往右侧又插了一块,然后转成右翼。
With four minutes on the clock Moses Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
摩西·图瓦伊在时钟上用了四分钟,在右翼下方又加上了另一侧。
With four minutes on the clock Steve Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟上摆了4分钟,史蒂夫·图瓦伊又在右翼下方又加上了另一侧,而右翼则被转换为右翼。
With four minutes on the clock David Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟显示,大卫·图瓦伊在右侧的侧翼上又加上了另一侧,右侧的侧翼被转换了。
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
12-0和GB几乎没有碰到球.
12-0 and GB had barely touched the ball.
12-0和GB刚碰到球.
12-0 and GB had scarcely touched the ball.
12-0和GB几乎没有触到球.
12-0 and GB had almost touched the ball.
12-0和GB几乎触到了球。
12-0 and GB had never touched the ball.
12-0和GB从未触摸过球。
12-0 and GB had just touched the ball.
12-0和GB刚刚触到了球。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了内昂纳哈拉瓦的排名第三,但它只是推迟了斐济。
A superb Smith tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
史密斯的一击击打阻止了中华民国中华民国排名第三,但这只是推迟了斐济。
A superb Taylor tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
泰勒的一击击打阻止了中华民国中华民国排名第三,但这只是推迟了斐济。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Na Matawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了莱昂纳·马塔瓦在人山中排名第三,但这只是推迟了斐济。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Na Galawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了莱昂纳·加拉瓦的排名第三,但这只是推迟了斐济。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Na Marawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了莱昂纳·马拉瓦的排名第三,但这只是推迟了斐济。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是1700比0。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 18-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是18-0的坏蛋。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 19-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是19-0的坏蛋。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 14-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB为14-0。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 21-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是21-0的坏蛋。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 16-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是16-0的坏蛋。
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
娜卡拉瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the second half.
Nakarawa在重新开始后又加上了另一个,在下半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,瓦特莫·拉瓦乌乌通过一些更单调的GB击球,冲到球线上打分.
Vatemo Ravouvou eventually burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
瓦特莫·拉瓦乌乌最终冲破一些更单调的GB,冲到线上射门得分.
Vatemo Ravouvou substitute burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
瓦特莫·拉瓦乌乌的替补者冲破一些更单调的GB,冲到线上打分.
Vatemo Ravouvou Inter burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
瓦特莫·拉瓦乌乌·英特尔冲过一些更单调的GB,冲到线上打分.
Vatemo Ravouvou Arsenal burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
瓦特莫·拉沃乌夫·阿森纳冲过一些更单调的GB,冲到线上射门得分.
Vatemo Ravouvou then broke through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,瓦特莫·拉瓦乌夫突破了几道单调的GB,冲到线上打分.
The conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
转换使29比0在休息时间。
The conversion made it 28-0 at the break.
转换使它在休息时28-0。
The conversion made it 27-0 at the break.
转换使27-0在休息时间。
The conversion made it 33-0 at the break.
转换在休息时为33-0。
The conversion made it 30-0 at the break.
转换使它在休息30-0。
The conversion made it 34-0 at the break.
转换结果是在休息时34比0。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while Britain are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while UK are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济生来就打7球,而英国仍在学习这个行业。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still training the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在训练这个行业。
Which is pretty much how it is.
这差不多是这样了。
Which is pretty much what it is.
这差不多就是现在的了。
the is pretty much how it is.
差不多是这样了。
in is pretty much how it is.
差不多是这样了。
and is pretty much how it is.
而且差不多是这样。
to is pretty much how it is.
差不多是这样了。
of is pretty much how it is.
差不多是这样了。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时做了批改,他们将斐济大坝通了四分钟,按上半场标准,大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才完工。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minute, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时做了批改,他们用四分钟时间将斐济大坝通了出去,而根据上半场的标准,这些大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后,才得以完工。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动,使它变成36-7,但是这场游戏早已被南海岛民所取代了,他们的球迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗子,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down inside the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动使它36-7,但是这场游戏早已过时了南海岛民的路线,他们的粉丝们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the games.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动,使它变成36-7,但是这场比赛早已被南海岛民所取代了,他们的球迷们在比赛中唱着歌,挥舞着旗子,跳舞着。
It was hard not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
很难不钦佩斐济的整个喜悦态度。
It was hard not to admire Manfred's whole joyful approach.
很难不赞许曼弗雷德的欢乐态度.
It was hard not to admire Creek's whole joyful approach.
很难不欣赏克里克的欢乐态度.
It was hard not to admire Aubrey's whole joyful approach.
很难不钦佩奥布里的整个欢乐态度.
It was hard not to admire Shelby's whole joyful approach.
很难不赞许谢尔比那种欣喜若狂的态度.
It was hard not to admire Fiji's whole cheerfulful approach.
很难不钦佩斐济的整个乐观态度。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的时刻,它不需要再加冰糖。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another attempt in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的时刻,这蛋糕不需要再加冰糖。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another sip in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的瞬间,它不需要再用冰糖糖糖。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another bite in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的时刻,它不需要再加冰糖。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another taste in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在临终的时刻,它不需要用别的口味涂冰。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another tries in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的时刻,它不需要再加冰糖。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another shot in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的瞬间,它不需要再加冰。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了,斐济人拥抱起来,英国英镑击中了地盘,彻底击败了。
The whistle went, the Fijians hugged and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了,斐济人紧紧拥抱,英国英镑击中了地盘,彻底击败。
The whistle went, the Fijians parted and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了, 斐济人分手了,英镑击中了地盘, 彻底击败了.
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB left the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了, 斐济人拥抱起来,英国广播公司离开了草皮, 彻底击败了.
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the field, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了, 斐济人拥抱起来,英国英镑击中了田野, 彻底击败了.
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the ground, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了,斐济人拥抱起来,英国英镑击中了地面,彻底击败了。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-England's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英兰队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 19-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本19-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 30-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队30-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 15-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队15-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 18-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队18-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但丹·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Steve Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但是史蒂夫·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Junior Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但诺顿少年队在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作打破了赛道,在下半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Ka Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但是诺顿队在下半场以一些令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作打破了线,在后半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but He Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
上半场,凯尔·布朗把波克斯队排在前排,但下半场,他以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在球队的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but We Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但是我们诺顿队在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作打破了防线,在后半场的阵容中得分。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant early tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在早期的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Antony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Andrew, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, James, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Owen, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15人球员欧文的哥哥马库斯·沃森在比赛中夺冠,最终夺得了银牌。
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛的胜利
Helen Glover and Laura Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Laura Stanning在教练的癌症战中赢得了比赛
Helen Glover and Cheryl Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
海伦·格洛佛和谢丽尔·斯坦宁在教练的癌症战中,被赛艇比赛的胜利所鼓舞
Helen Glover and Helen Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
海伦·格洛佛和海伦·斯坦宁在教练的癌症战斗中,被赛艇比赛的胜利所鼓舞
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing title by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning凭借教练的癌症战夺冠
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing win by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛
There will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
这些比赛没有比这更激动人心的金牌了,那就是说些什么。
There will not be a more emotive gold at these Games, and that is saying something.
在本届奥运会上,没有比这更激动人心的金牌了。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创史了220个惩罚性的大人物,他们在《拉果河》的金色时刻找到了更多的意义。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio do Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创史了220个惩罚性的巨浪,在他们登上月球的黄金时刻,发现了更多的意义。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在她们为女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一位女子,她们可以达到如此高的水准。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Bill Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
虽然他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三种声音,当比尔·威廉斯主教练在女子双人赛场上接连夺奥运金牌时,他们一直回响着他们的声音,那是英国体育史上第一个达到如此高度的女性。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Don Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,船上却有三种声音,当堂·威廉斯教练在女子双人赛场上接连夺奥运金牌时,他们的回声一直回荡着,那是英国体育史上第一个达到如此高度的女性。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Tony Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三声声音,当威廉斯教练在女子双人赛场上接连夺奥运金牌时,他们曾回响过他们的声音,那是英国体育史上第一位能达到如此高度的女性。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echoes of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在他们的双胞胎中,这也是英国体育史上第一位女性,她们连续获得第二枚奥运金牌时的回声。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a high.
尽管他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在他们推动女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一位将金牌标得如此高的女性。
Their dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的统治力是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their domination was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的统治是绝对的,毕竟这是他们的第39次不败,又一次前所未有的。
Their supremacy was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的至高无上,毕竟这是他们的第39次不败的比赛,也是前所未有的。
Their control was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的控制权是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their superiority was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的优势是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their position was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的立场是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次不败的比赛,也是前所未有的。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the victory.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面滑翔,与天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映胜利的性质。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the feat.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面滑翔,与天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映大自然的壮举。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the win.
我们所看到的,两个优秀的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映胜利的本质。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the victories.
我们所看到的,两位杰出的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the success.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映了成功的性质。
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增量的成绩,从而有所区别。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用了。
Behind every rowing gold is a troop of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增量的金牌,这让比赛大有不同,而且没有哪一只手比30个月前还不知道自己是否活过这一天的教练更能助人。
Behind every rowing gold is a platoon of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一排热心的手,贡献了增量的金牌,而手比30个月前被诊断出癌症的教练更有用,他不知道自己是否活在今天。
Behind every rowing gold is a contingent of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一队由热心的手组成的队伍,贡献出增量的金牌,而没有任何一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用。
Behind every rowing gold is a corps of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一队热心的手,贡献了增量的金牌,这使得情况大不一样。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用了。
Behind every rowing gold is a Battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了这些增量的金牌,没有任何一只手比一个30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用。
As he said, it was touch and go.
正如他所言,这是触摸而去。
of he said, it was touch and go.
”他说。
to he said, it was touch and go.
”他说。
and he said, it was touch and go.
他说,是摸着走的。
the he said, it was touch and go.
”他说。
As she said, it was touch and go.
正如她说的,这是触摸和去。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以手术和他们做的一件事情。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they had.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以手术的,他们也有的。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operation on and they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以手术和他们做的一件事情。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can procedure on and they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以处理和做的一件事情。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can treat on and they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以治疗的,他们做的。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can work on and they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们能做的并且他们做的一件事情。
If they don't it goes everywhere.
如果他们不这样做的话,它就无处不在了。
If they don't it gets everywhere.
如果他们不这样做,它就无处不在了。
If they don't it is everywhere.
如果他们不这样做的话,它就无处不在了。
If they don't it flies everywhere.
如果他们不是到处飞的话。
and they don't it goes everywhere.
而且它们不是无处不在的。
in they don't it goes everywhere.
在他们身上,它不是无处不在的。
the they don't it goes everywhere.
他们不会到处去。
of they don't it goes everywhere.
它们不是无处不在的。
to they don't it goes everywhere.
到他们不会到处都有的。
a they don't it goes everywhere.
A他们不是到处都有的。
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
情况本来会很糟糕的。
It would have been a very bad situation.
情况本来会很糟的。
It could have been a pretty bad situation.
这可能是一个相当糟糕的情况。
It alters your outlook a bit.
它会稍微改变你的想法。
It alters your perspective a bit.
它会稍微改变你的观点.
It alters your attitude a bit.
它会稍微改变你的态度。
It alters your view a bit.
这会改变你的看法.
It alters your life a bit.
它会稍微改变你的生活。
the alters your outlook a bit.
改变你的想法。
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉斯于2013年12月被诊断出。
Williams was diagnosed in November 2013.
Williams于2013年11月被确诊。
Williams was diagnosed in October 2013.
Williams于2013年10月被确诊。
Williams was diagnosed on December 2013.
Williams于2013年12月被确诊。
and was diagnosed in December 2013.
于2013年12月被确诊。
in was diagnosed in December 2013.
于2013年12月被确诊。
to was diagnosed in December 2013.
于2013年12月被确诊。
of was diagnosed in December 2013.
2013年12月被确诊。
the was diagnosed in December 2013.
2013年12月被确诊。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能减少干扰,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the proper expression in circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能减少干扰,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是适当的表达方式的话。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expressions in circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能将干扰控制在最低程度,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确的表达方式的话。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我需要薪水,所以我必须尽快恢复健康。
I needed to get paid so I had to get well quickly.
我需要薪水,所以我必须尽快恢复健康。
I needed to get paid so I had to get good quickly.
我需要薪水,所以我必须尽快得到好。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quick.
我需要薪水,所以我必须尽快变得更好。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better fast.
我需要薪水,所以我必须尽快变得更好。
I needed to get paid and I had to get better quickly.
我需要薪水,我必须尽快变得更好。
It was an incentive.
这是一种激励。
It was an motivation.
这 是 一 个 动机 。
it was an incentive.
这是一种激励。
I was an incentive.
我是一个激励者。
to was an incentive.
是一种激励。
the was an incentive.
这是一种激励。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-20ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我正在20英尺20英尺,30英尺50英尺的病房里走着,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-20ft, 20ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我绕着20英尺20英尺50英尺的病房走着,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-30ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我绕着那间50英尺30英寸的病房走着,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-50ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我绕着病房走着,他们说只要走几步就够了。
That's how it starts off.
就是这样开始的。
That's how it begins off.
就是这样开始的。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,但是这让它变得更大了一点。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit larger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,但是这使它变得更大一点。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that takes it a bit bigger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,但这需要更大一些。
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的即刻阶段,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to grasp his own anxieties.
在胜利的即刻阶段,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他度过了一个紧张的早晨,比平时多说几句,试图抓住自己的焦虑。
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦宁说:“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it meant such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦宁说:“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan following her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
斯坦宁是皇家炮兵团的队长,在她身后游览阿富汗,他说:“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan ahead her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
斯坦宁是皇家炮兵团的队长,在她前面游览了阿富汗,她说:“我这星期情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan after her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
斯坦宁是皇家炮兵团的队长,在她身后游览阿富汗,她说:“这星期我情绪化了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this month, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦宁说:“这个月我情绪崩溃了,可能有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦的工作,以及罗宾的工作。
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and him as well.
它只重复了这一点对我的意义,我和海伦的工作,以及他的工作。
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and her as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦工作了多少,她也工作了多少。
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and you as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦工作了多少,你也一样。
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and them as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦工作了多少,他们也都工作了多少。
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have done and Robin as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦做了多少,罗宾也做了多少。
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.
与海伦和罗宾在一起的三年前,这真是一个奇迹。
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and John.
与海伦和约翰在一起的三年前,这真是一个奇迹。
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and you.
3年前,和海伦和你在一起,真是太棒了。
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and me.
3年前,我和海伦一起度过了一段美好的时光。
It's been a fantastic six years back with Helen and Robin.
六年前,和海伦和罗宾在一起,真是太棒了。
It's been a fantastic two years back with Helen and Robin.
和海伦和罗宾在一起的两年前,这真是一个奇迹。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's a best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's this best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's our best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's coaching best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人了,所以由于他的存在,他是世界上最好的教练。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's now best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他现在是世界上最优秀的教练了。
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I could't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Laura Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和劳拉·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Amy Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和艾米·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Cheryl Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和谢丽尔·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Kathy Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和凯西·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Judy Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和朱迪·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that the rivals could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,对手永远无法匹配.
The pair created a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
两人创造了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法匹配.
The pair had a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
这对恋人有一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
The pair established a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
这对恋人形成了一种惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
The pair found a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
这对恋人找到了一种惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米的最后时刻,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备也太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Harvey had too much in reserve.
即使是在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米的最后时刻,斯坦宁和哈维的储备还是太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Whitehead had too much in reserve.
即使是在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米的最后时刻,斯坦宁和怀特黑德的储备仍然太多。
We were very much in the moment.
此刻我们相处得非常融洽。
We were very completely in the moment.
我们完全处在这一刻。
Helen was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
海伦打电话来是 “ 坚持这个过程, 坚持那个过程 ”.
of was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
正在呼叫“在过程中停留,在过程中停留”。
in was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
正在呼叫“在过程中停留,在过程中停留”。
the was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
呼叫“在过程中停留,在过程中停留”。
to was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
呼叫“在过程中停留,在过程中停留”。
and was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
并且正在呼叫“在过程中坚持,在过程中坚持”。
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个良好的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do something amazing.
我们有一个良好的开端,同时我们并不想做一些令人惊讶的事情。
We had a great start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个伟大的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We had a good beginning and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个好的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good run and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想好好跑一跑,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good section and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在寻找烟火,我们只是想做一个好的部分和出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good lap and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想跑一圈,然后出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good finish and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在寻找烟火,我们只是想做一个好的完成和出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good car and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想开一辆好车,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
The pair will take a year before deciding their futures.
这对夫妇要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来.
The pair will have a year before deciding their futures.
在决定他们的未来之前,这对夫妇会有一年的时间.
The pair will take a year before deciding the futures.
两人要花一年的时间才能决定期货.
The two will take a year before deciding their futures.
在决定他们的未来之前,他们需要一年的时间.
The the will take a year before deciding their futures.
要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来.
The and will take a year before deciding their futures.
并且要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover has a wedding to attend next week, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下星期有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover has a wedding to attend next year, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗明年有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Bill Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家BillBackshall.
For now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在,她只想享受此刻。
For now he just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在他只想享受这个瞬间。
For now the just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在,我们只想享受这个瞬间。
For now She just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在她只想享受此刻。
For now her just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在她只想享受这个瞬间。
For Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
因为现在她只想享受这个瞬间。
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
我不想说这是我最后一次比赛。
I didn't want to say this was me last race.
我不想说这是我最后一次比赛。
In London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约6个月才意识到自己是奥运冠军。
In London it took about six weeks to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约六个星期才意识到我是一个奥运冠军。
In London it was about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约六个月的时间才意识到自己是一名奥运冠军。
In London it went about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约六个月的时间才意识到自己是一名奥运冠军。
In London it got about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约六个月的时间才意识到我是一个奥运冠军。
In London it did about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约六个月的时间才意识到自己是奥运冠军。
Here it took about four minutes.
大约用了四分钟。
Here it took about three minutes.
大约用了三分钟。
Here it took about eight minutes.
这大约花了八分钟。
Here it took about five minutes.
大约用了五分钟。
Here it took about ten minutes.
大约用了十分钟。
Here it took about two minutes.
大约用了两分钟。
This feels so much better, " she said.
这感觉好多了,”她说。
This feels so much different, " she said.
这感觉是如此的不同,”她说。
This is so much better, " she said.
这好得多了,”她说。
This hurts so much better, " she said.
这伤痛要好得多。”她说。
This feels so much better, " he said.
这感觉好多了。”他说。
This feels so much better, " I said.
这感觉好多了,”我说。
A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆的令人惊叹的建筑的前排座位
A front-row seat to the stunning Architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆大楼前排的座位
A front-row seat to the magnificent architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
洛杉矶中央图书馆宏伟建筑的前排座位
A a-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
洛杉矶中央图书馆令人叹为观止的建筑座椅
A in-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆的令人惊叹的建筑的内置座位
A the-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
洛杉矶中央图书馆令人叹为观止的建筑楼座
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Peter Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和彼得·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Jonathan Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和乔纳森·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术和建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and David Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和大卫·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术和建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Michael Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和迈克尔·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术和建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Daniel Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和丹尼尔·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术和建筑史》的作者。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼计划讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1994 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼(Schwartzman)计划讨论和分享1926年Bertram Goodhue设计的图片以及Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates1994年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and extension by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼(Schwartzman)计划讨论和分享1926年Bertram Goodhue设计的图片以及Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates1993年的恢复和扩展。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and wing by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼(Schwartzman)计划讨论和分享1926年Bertram Goodhue设计的图片以及Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates1993年的恢复和翅膀。
Gee and Schwartzman are set to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼将讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are planned to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉 和 施瓦茨曼 计划 讨论 和 分享 1926年 Bertram Goodhue 设计 和 1993年 Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates 修复 和 增加 的 图 象 。
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 周期室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Historical Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 历史室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Early Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 早期厅 、 仙人掌休息室和茶室.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Classical Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 古典厅 、 仙人掌休息室和茶室.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Restoration Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 修复室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Original Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 原始厅 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
在DTLA的一间开放的工业阁楼里,可以做一个舒适的化妆品
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a azy makeover
在DTLA的一块开阔的工业阁楼可以做一番精美的造型
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a thezy makeover
一家在DTLA的开阔的工业阁楼得到一个精美的改造
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a inzy makeover
在DTLA的一块开阔的工业阁楼里,有一个令人不快的化妆品
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a ofzy makeover
一家在DTLA的开阔的工业阁楼得到一款精美的造型
An open, industrial loft in DTLA has a cozy makeover
在DTLA中,一个开阔的工业阁楼有一个舒适的造型
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
保加利亚员额通胀8个月中首次出现通胀
I Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
一. 8个月中第1次通货膨胀
the Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
8个月中第1次的通货膨胀
of Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
8个月中第1次通货膨胀
to Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
8个月中第一次通货膨胀
and Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
8个月中第1次通货膨胀
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics report.
保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%, 国家统计报告.
Inflation in Bulgaria were 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria is 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in July, regional statistics show.
区域统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in July, official statistics show.
官方数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
This is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one below zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来第一个低于零值的值。
This is the highest values in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是多年来(自2012年6月以来)的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is the highest result in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高结果,也是自去年10月公布正0.2%以来首次高于零的结果。
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumer price index in June 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年6月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 卫生 ( 1% ).
ofs decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
衣服和鞋类减少(2.2%);家具、家用设备和日常维护(0.5%);健康(0.1%)。
thes decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
衣服和鞋类(2.2%);家具、家用设备和日常维护(0. 5%);健康(0. 1%)。
ands decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
衣服和鞋类减少(2.2%);家具、家用设备和日常维护(0. 5%);健康(0. 1%)。
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and the fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and a fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电、煤气和燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as Asian Caricature
斯纳卡特“动漫”效应被评为亚洲漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as Japanese Caricature
Snapchat“动漫”效应被批评为日本漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as Chinese Caricature
Snapchat“动漫”效应被批评为中国漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as American Caricature
Snapchat“动漫”效应被批评为美国漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as Animation Caricature
Snapchat“动漫”效应被批评为动画漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as Han Caricature
Snapchat“动漫”效应被评为汉漫画
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filters is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says the filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,过滤器的灵感来自动漫,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says an filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,一个过滤器是由动漫激发的,但是一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says a filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,一个过滤器是由动漫激发的,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says that filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,过滤器受动漫的激励,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to manipulate reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat利用其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户以与荒谬相邻的方式操纵现实和运用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to edit reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户编辑现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to create reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat利用其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户创造现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式利用身份。
With their lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
使用镜头工具,Snapchat允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lens are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 billion enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生300多亿增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping devices that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕装置,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping lenses that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕的镜头,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools which generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools and generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools technology generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜片钝化,特征缠绕工具技术每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
Any missteps quickly enter the public record.
任何错误都会迅速载入公开记录。
the missteps quickly enter the public record.
错误的一步很快地进入了公开的记录。
of missteps quickly enter the public record.
错误的动作会迅速进入公开纪录。
a missteps quickly enter the public record.
错误的一步很快进入了公开的记录。
and missteps quickly enter the public record.
错误的行为会迅速载入公开纪录。
in missteps quickly enter the public record.
在错误中快速进入公共记录。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到人们的批评,他们指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,将之作为一种美的理念。
Snapchat lens have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾引起人们的批评,称该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的皮肤声调,以此作为美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that their app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到批评,指责它们的应用是宣传黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,把它当作美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that it app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜片曾受到批评,指责其应用是宣传黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,把它作为一种美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that a app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到批评,指责说,一个应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的皮肤音调,把它当作美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that The app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到批评,指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,以此作为美的理想。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此,当本周它把镜头投向一些用户,让他们眼睛斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, a teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此当本周它把镜头投向一些用户,给他们倾斜的眼睛,牙齿和肿胀的脸颊,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
So when it pushed a camera to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此当本周将摄像机推给一些用户时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
and when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
当本周它把镜头投向一些用户,让他们眼睛斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
the when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
本周,当它把镜头投向一些用户时,他们的眼睛变斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀,一些评论家称之为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
of when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
这个星期,当它把镜头投向一些用户,给他们倾斜的眼睛,扭曲的牙齿和肿胀的脸颊时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们想知道,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化。
And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a wider problem that the company has with diversity.
他们怀疑这些反复的争论是否指向了公司具有多样性的更广泛的问题。
And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the brand has with diversity.
他们怀疑这些反复的争论是否指出了一个更大的问题,那就是品牌具有多样性。
And they wondered whether these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们想知道这些反复的争论是否指向了公司具有多样性的更大的问题。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤怒声响了,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)发布了报道。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Redboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤怒声响了,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge》(The Verge)和《红板》(Redboard)发布了报道。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Sunboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤慨情绪大行其道,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge》(The Verge)和《太阳日报》(Sunboard)的报道也大行其道。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Highboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤慨情绪大行其道,在斯内普恰特声称已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge和Highboard》就刊登了报道。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Cloudboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤怒情绪大行其道,在斯内普恰特称已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《奇数》(The Verge)和《云板》(Cloudboard)发布了报道。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Freeboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤慨情绪大行其道,在斯内普恰特说已经拆除了这个功能的第二天,《大动画》和《自由板块》就发布了报道。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was meant in homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头是用来向动画人物表示敬意的,而不是用来讽刺亚洲人。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was meant for homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头是用来向动漫人物表示敬意的,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was meant as tribute to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头的意思是赞美动漫人物,而不是亚洲人的漫画。
The company offered an reasoning : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个推理:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The company offered an reason : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个理由:镜头意在对动漫人物表示敬意,而不是对亚洲人的漫画。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of shameful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的可耻成见。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of harmful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的有害定型观念。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of meanful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中卑劣的定型观念。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hateful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的可恨成见。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of cruelful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的残酷的陈规定型观念。
Others roundly rejected the anime comparison.
其他人则全盘否定了对动画的比较.
Others roundly dismissed the anime comparison.
其他人则对动画比较置之不理.
Others roundly criticized the anime comparison.
其他人则对动画比较提出批评.
Others roundly backed the anime comparison.
其他人则反过来支持动画比较。
and roundly rejected the anime comparison.
并全盘否定了动画比较。
the roundly rejected the anime comparison.
全盘否定了动画比较。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that a lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that The lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that lens lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
韩国裔美国艺术学生格雷斯·斯帕帕尼在一封电子邮件中说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
in an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
of an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
韩国裔美国艺术学生格雷斯·斯帕帕尼在一封电子邮件中说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器的效果进行对比。
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very crude Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和过滤器效应的对比并驾齐驱。”
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very poor Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与极差的亚洲漫画和滤波器的效果进行对比。
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very red Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与亚洲红漫画和滤波器效应的对比并驾齐驱。”
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very big Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充道,“很难与大亚洲漫画和滤波器效应的对比并驾齐驱。”
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very rich Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与富有的亚洲漫画和滤波器的效果并驾齐驱。
It shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,滤波器不仅仅是黄脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
It shows that the filters isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,滤波器不仅仅是黄脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
It shows that the process isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
这表明,这一过程不仅仅是黄脸色,而是黄脸色的极端贬损。
It shows that the color isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,它的颜色不仅仅是黄脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非是跨越这些文化线的唯一公司。
Snapchat is not the first company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并不是第一个跨越这些文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the just company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat不只是跨越这些文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the most company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并不是最能跨越这些文化线的公司。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to cinema and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到电影院,从我们手中拿着的设备,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to politics and the devices we all carry in our hands.
美国文化似乎在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争,从公司董事会到政治以及我们所有的人手拿着的装置。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to movies and the devices we all carry in our hands.
美国文化似乎在为多样化和包容而进行无休止的斗争,从公司董事会到电影和我们手中的装置。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to films and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到我们手中的电影和装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to stars and the devices we all carry in our hands.
美国文化似乎在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争,从公司董事会到明星和我们手中的装置。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-could mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-may mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's massive audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的大批年轻受众——他们比年长的年轻人更具有种族多样性——可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's vast audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's big audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
斯纳普卡特(Snapchat)的年轻一代(他们比年长的年轻一代更具种族多样性)的众多受众,可能意味着他们更期望敏感度。
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,当斯纳卡特(Snapchat)的镜头塑造出一个侮辱用户的画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西变得被忽视,要难得多。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 24-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
24岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四接受采访时表示,当Snapchat的镜头给用户制造了一种侮辱性画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被人们忽视的难度要大得多。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 23-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
23岁的朱凯蒂在周四接受采访时说,当一个Snapchat的镜头给用户制造了一种侮辱性画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被人们忽视就更加困难了。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 19-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
周四,19岁的朱凯蒂在接受采访时说,当一个Snapchat的镜头制造出一个侮辱用户的画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被人们忽视的难度要大得多。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said during an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时说,当一个Snapchat的镜头给用户制造了一种侮辱性画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被忽视就更加困难了。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of stuff to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,当斯纳卡特(Snapchat)的镜头塑造出一个侮辱用户的形象时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被人们忽视的难度要大得多。”
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and urged others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并敦促其他人也这么做。
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and pushed others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并敦促其他人也这么做。
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and invited others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并请其他人也这样做。
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and led others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并带领其他人也这么做。
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to go the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇关于Medorage的文章和一次电话采访中,她说她认为,与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
In an article for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
她在《媒体》一篇文章和电话采访中说,她认为与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male management and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人管理层,并用“ # 删掉”这个词来结束她的文章。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and wrote her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词写了她的短文。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and end her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在职员身上没有不同的有色人种代表,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们确实有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
" It's either that they had a diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在员工中,有各种各样的有色人种,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
Other observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Other observers share his view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也同意他的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Other observers share the view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也认为, 斯纳卡特的抱怨基本上没有得到回应.
Other observers share this view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也同意这一观点, 即Snapchat基本上没有得到答复的抱怨.
Other observers share herself view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也都认为,斯纳卡特的抱怨基本上没有得到回应。
Other observers share that view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也持同样看法, Snapchat的抱怨基本上没有得到回应.
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about collaboration on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布有关其员工合作的数据,并指出其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about ethnicity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的族裔数字,并指出其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about minorities on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有在其员工中公布少数群体的数字,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status being a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并指出其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status is a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并指出其地位是一家私营公司。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to work on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘用了一名招聘人员,负责员工人数不足的问题,并负责内部的包容工作。
On Friday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
上周五,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一名招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并负责内部的包容工作。
On Wednesday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周三,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Monday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周一,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一名招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并负责内部的包容工作。
On Tuesday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周二,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command modified intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员对情报报告进行了修改,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。 国会小组在周四发布的一份报告中说。
Officials from the United States Central Command changed intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中说,美国中央司令部官员改变了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command edited intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部对情报报告进行了编辑,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command shifted intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员将情报报告改写成比当地事件更乐观的伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动的战争。
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚打击伊斯兰国的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的特别工作组的中期报告发现,中央司令部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task group established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院军务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个工作组的中期报告发现,中央指挥部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task team established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个工作组的中期报告发现,中央指挥部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task committee established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个工作组的中期报告发现,中央指挥部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task commission established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院武装服务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个特别委员会的中期报告发现,中央指挥部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task panel established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院武装服务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的工作组的中期报告发现,中央司令部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央指挥部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that coordinates American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央司令部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责协调美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that directs American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央司令部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责指挥美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that manages American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央指挥部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责管理美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that commands American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央司令部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责指挥美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的作战人员会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighter suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说,“在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的战争战士在向高级决策者提供糟糕分析时遭受苦难。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war soldiers suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当我们向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的战争士兵会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war defenders suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的战争捍卫者会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war leaders suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说,“在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的战争领导人在向高级决策者提供糟糕分析时会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war guys suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的战争对手会遭受损失。”
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的领导失误影响到了该组织的最高层。
The leadership failures at Centcom go to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的领导层失败了,导致该组织的顶层。
The leadership failures at Centcom cover to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的领导失败覆盖了整个组织的顶层.
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the enterprise.
Centcom公司的领导失误影响到了企业的顶层.
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the company.
Centcom公司领导层的失职影响到了公司的最高层.
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the business.
Centcom的领导层失职,影响到了业务的顶层。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细介绍了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
The 10-page report detailed persistent difficulties in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细说明了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析方面持续存在的困难。
The 10-page report detailed persistent issues in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细介绍了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
The 10-page report detailed persistent flaws in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细介绍了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的缺陷。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problem in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细介绍了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi troops.
这份10页的报告详细说明了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁表示更加乐观的看法。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressures from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们感觉他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it states analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它指出,分析师们感觉他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,要他们对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁提出更加乐观的看法。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it notes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它指出,分析师们感觉,他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,要他们对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁提出更加乐观的看法。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it identifies analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它指出,分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁表示更加乐观的看法。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it described analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们感觉,他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
" Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
" Through the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,到2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
" During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更为积极。
" Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more negative than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词比实际事件要消极得多。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击最早可能从2015年4月或5月开始。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or March 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击最早可能始于2015年4月或3月。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or April 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击最早可能始于2015年4月或4月。
For example, a Centcom official said publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,要收回摩苏尔的大规模军事攻击可能最早要到2015年4月或5月才开始。
For example, a Centcom official indicated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击可能最早从2015年4月或5月开始。
For example, a Centcom official announced publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开宣布,要收回摩苏尔的大规模军事攻击最早可能从2015年4月或5月开始。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,仍然在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, continues under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,继续处于伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remained under the control of the Islamic State.
伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔仍由伊斯兰国控制。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the controlled of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,仍然在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the rule of the Islamic State.
伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔仍在伊斯兰国的统治下。
" After months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点非常清楚。”
" After years of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过多年的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
" After weeks of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数周的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
" After days of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过几天的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
" After months of investigating, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
" After months of probe, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the commander's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥官的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the intelligence's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵情报部门的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to toplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,在伊拉克制造伊斯兰国的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to ofplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,以图在伊拉克制造伊斯兰国的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to aplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,玩弄伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task team after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后创建了工作组。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic state was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国家的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic Government was being manipulated.
共和党人在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰政府的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic government was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰政府的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that information about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的信息被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being distorted.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被扭曲后成立了该工作队。
Republicans established the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans formed the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后组成了特别工作组。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四公布的调查报告将会有更深入的发现。
The report released Wednesday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随着调查的继续进行,星期三发布的报告还将得到更为广泛的调查结论。
The report released Tuesday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周二公布的调查报告将会得到更为广泛的调查结论。
The report released Friday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
星期五发布的报告将随着调查的继续进行而得到更广泛的调查结论。
The report released Monday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随着调查的继续进行,本周一公布的这份报告将会得到更广泛的调查结论。
The report released Saturday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周六公布的调查报告将会有更深入的发现。
There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
There is an additional, continuing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
There is an additional, underway investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
另外,国防部总监正在对Centcom的情报进行调查。
There is an additional, pending investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
在国防部总监对Centcom的情报进行调查之前,还有另外一项工作要做。
There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Defense of Defense inspector general.
国防督察长还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that disagreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己对共和党专责小组的一些结论的异议。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that differed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果,与共和党专责小组的一些结论不同。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that backed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结论,共和党专责小组的一些结论也证实了这些结论。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that supported with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果,支持了共和党专责小组的一些结论。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过于孤立的进程。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom established an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会的首席民主党议员亚当·希夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom建立了一个对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估的过度孤立的程序。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom forged an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估制定了一个过于孤立的程序。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom eliminated an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom消除了对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估的过于孤立的进程。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom dismantled an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·希夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom拆除了对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估的过于孤立的程序。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom used an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom使用了一个过于孤立的程序来对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估。
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,伤害了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " affected morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,影响了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " damaged morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " cut morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻止了情报产品的发布,降低了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " injured morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施密夫说,这一过程“使情报产品停止了发放,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " weakened morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻止了情报产品的发布,削弱了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats concluded they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人最后说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将其结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相符合。
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to influence Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图对Centcom分析师施加影响以使其结论符合“预先设定的”或“政治叙事”。
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to force Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the Inside House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明内幕大厦试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the Department House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明百事公司试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相符合。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Wednesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期三报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Thursday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期四报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Monday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期一报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the Congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the House investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了众议院调查的初步结果。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general probe, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员进行了调查。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general inquiry, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last August, The New York Times reported a existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last August, The New York Times reported its existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last August, The New York Times reported that existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would no comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Thomas Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人托马斯·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Scott Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人斯科特·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在总检察长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Robert Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人罗伯特·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Michael Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人迈克尔·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康的对话。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national intelligence topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些重要的国家情报议题进行健康的对话。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy debate on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题展开健康的辩论。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy discussion on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行有益的讨论。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy cooperation on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎在这些至关重要的国家安全议题上开展健康的合作。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy disagreement on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时在复杂数据的解释上意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎在这些至关重要的国家安全议题上形成健康的分歧。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome good dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行良好的对话。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome robust dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行强有力的对话。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome meaningful dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些重要的国家安全议题进行有意义的对话。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome vigorous dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行积极对话。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome little dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,而情报界和国防部对这些至关重要的国家安全议题很少表示欢迎。”
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a increasing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a rising number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(如今越来越多的国防官员断言了这一点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a mounting number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a changing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(如今,越来越多的国防官员做出了这样的断言)。
the investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国主导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)之外,调查也产生了影响。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但去年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and others crisis spots.
但去年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚等危机地区能否依靠中央指挥部诚实评估军事行动。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什的内阁对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper stating that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师Gregory Hooker写了一份研究论文,指出乔治·W·布什总统的行政当局对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,很少考虑2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Brooks, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师格雷戈·布鲁克斯(Gregory Brooks)写了一份研究论文,称布什总统的执政当局对许多分析师的"反对"表示反对,主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Fuller, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom情报分析师格雷戈里·富勒(Gregory Fuller)写了一份研究论文,称布什总统的执政当局对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hunt, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师格雷戈里·亨特写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什的执政当局对许多分析师的"反对"表示反对,主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Cole, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师格雷戈里·科尔写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什(George W. Bush)的执政当局对许多分析师的“反对”表示反对,主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,对2003年入侵事件后将发生什么问题几乎没有时间思考。
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
a. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报叛乱中也扮演了关键角色。
of. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
and. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
the. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
to. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, Dr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克博士的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, I. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
去年,官员们说,胡克的团队最后说,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国控制的炼油厂的空袭并没有显著削弱恐怖组织的资金,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, the. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
去年,官员们说胡克的团队得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, J. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员们说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该公司已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, he. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
去年,胡克的团队总结说,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但《纽约时报》9月报道说,这一发现并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
But the findings was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但《纽约时报》9月报道说,这些发现并没有在中央指挥部以外分发。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central command, The Times reported in September.
但《泰晤士报》9月报道说,这一发现并未在中央指挥区以外分发。
But its finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但据《纽约时报》9月报道,其调查结果并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
But his finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但《纽约时报》9月报道,他的调查结果并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
But that finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但《纽约时报》9月报道说,这一发现并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Centcom的指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀三世(General. Lloyd J. Austin III)遭到批评。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Cecil J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
当时,Centcom的指挥官Cecil J. Austin III将军在去年遭到批评。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Rodney J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Centcom的指挥官罗德尼·J·奥斯丁三世(Gener. Rodney J. Austin III)遭到批评。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Coleman J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
当时,Centcom的指挥官Coleman J. Austin III将军在去年遭到批评。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Douglas J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Centcom的指挥官道格拉斯·奥斯汀三世(Douglas J. Austin III)遭到批评。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Harold J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
当时,Centcom的指挥官Harold J. Austin III将军在去年遭到批评。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
General Adams retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
亚当斯将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
General Allen retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
艾伦将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
General Jackson retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
杰克逊将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
General Parker retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
帕克 将军 于 4月 退休, 由 约瑟夫·洛佩尔 将军 在 中央指挥部 接替 。
General Smith retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
史密斯将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
美国女子场第4名胜利曲棍球手,与英国决斗
U. S. Wins 4th Straight at Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
美国队在女子场第4场决赛,与英国队决战
U. S. Wins 4th Straight In Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
美国女子田径曲棍球队第4名决赛,与英国决战
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With England
美国女子田径曲棍球队第4名决赛,与英格兰举行决赛
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With GB
美国女子场第4名胜利曲棍球手,与英国球队举行决赛
U. S. Meets 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
美国女子场第4场决赛,与英国决斗
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一天,凯蒂·班在6比1战胜日本的比赛中得3分,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在3比0击败印度队后,取得了前两个进球。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Sarah Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
在6比1战胜日本的比赛中,莎拉·班于本周四击败了美国女子曲棍球队的3比0。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Erin Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
在6比1战胜日本的比赛中,艾琳·班于本周四击败了3比0的印度队,成为美国女子曲棍球队的前两个进球。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Emily Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
在6比1战胜日本的比赛中,艾米莉·班于本周四击败了3比0的印度队,成为美国女子曲棍球队的前两个进球。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Rebecca Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
周四,美国女子曲棍球队在6比1战胜日本的比赛中取得了3个进球后,美国女子曲棍球队在3比0击败了印度队。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Jennifer Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一天,在6比1战胜日本的比赛中,詹妮弗·班为美国女子曲棍球队赢得了3比0的进球。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 26, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但26岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 28, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但28岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 29, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但29岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 25, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但25岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 24, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但24岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
" I have no clue, " she said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 她说.
" I have no idea, " she said.
“ 我不知道, ” 她说.
" I have no clue, " he said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 他说.
" I have no clue, " I said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 我说.
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of their goals.
我并不是那种能跟踪他们目标的人。
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of your goals.
我并不是那种会记录你目标的人。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是4比0,他们和英国队联手,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍没有败下阵来。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with England, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是4比0,在他们队中,他们与英格兰队连为一体,英格兰队在周四击败日本2比0后一直没有败下阵来。
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将在周六第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Britain and the States States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将在周六第一轮的最后一场比赛中举行会谈。
Britain and the United States will meet on Friday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将在周五第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Britain and the United States will meet on Sunday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将在星期天的第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Britain and the United States will meet on Thursday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将于周四在第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚.
Britain and the United States will meet on Monday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将于周一在第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚.
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who places first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁在六队排行榜中排名第一,谁在决赛中排行第二。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who teams first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定哪个球队在六队中排名第一,哪个队在第二。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will determine who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the games will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁在六队的排行榜上完成第一决赛,谁在第二决赛中完成第二决赛。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the match will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
the teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁在六队的排行榜上完成第一决赛,谁在第二决赛中完成第二决赛。
of teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队的四分之一决赛已经合格,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
to teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
in teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队在四分之一决赛中是合格的,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
and teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队在四分之一决赛中是合格的,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排行,谁先完成第二组。
The first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一决赛的完成者会避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The first-place finisher will avoid the potent Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一名的完成者将避免强大的荷兰人,即其他球队的领袖。
The first-place finisher will avoid the strong Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一名的完成者会避免强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The first-place finisher will avoid the dominating Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一名的完成者将避免荷兰人,即其他球队的领先者。
The first-place finisher will avoid the dominant Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一名的完成者会避开荷兰队,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The first-place finisher will avoid the heavy Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一决赛的完成者会将身负重负的荷兰人,即其他排行榜的领头人,再多一些时间。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都在这里引起了轰动,他们令人惊讶地跑在这里,四年后,他们终于完成了12个球队的比赛。
However Saturday's game turns out, the American have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国队都以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步来引起轰动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
However Sunday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期天的比赛结果如何,美国人都以他们在这里令人惊讶的跑步来引起轰动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have caused a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步来引起轰动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have generated a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都在这里引起了轰动,他们在这里的比赛令人惊讶,四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中通过了决赛。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have made a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步而大为震动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
Bam was on that team.
班参加了那支球队.
Bam was on this team.
班是这支球队的队员.
Bam was on the team.
班参加了这支球队.
Bam was on their team.
班参加了他们的队.
Bam was on her team.
班参加了她的队伍.
Bam was on his team.
班参加了他的球队.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 15, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,15岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 17, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,17岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 14, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔(Drexel)打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,14岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了迄今为止最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 18, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,18岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 13, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,13岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
她在2008年奥运会上错过了,当时她没有为最终的入围名单做好准备。
the missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
错过了在2008年奥运会上,她没有做出最后的花名册的削减。
and missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
并且错过了2008年奥运会,当时她没有为最终的入围名单做好准备。
in missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有为最终的入围名单做好准备。
to missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有为最终的入围名单做好准备。
of missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有为最终的入围名单做好准备。
Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的。
Then came 2012, when no much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,她和她的队友们没有多少合适之处了。
Then came 2012, when not much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,当时她和她的队友们没有多少进展。
Then came 2012, when little much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,当时她和她队友的比赛几乎没有什么进展。
Then came 2012, when off much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,当她和她的队友们大吃一惊的时候。
Then came 2012, when lot much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,当时她和她的队友都得到了很大的帮助。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆(Craig Pannham)被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an English coach, was named the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国教练克雷格·帕纳姆被提名为教练,事情开始发生变化。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an English player, was named the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国球员克雷格·帕纳姆被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
We didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
我们在伦敦没有现在的工作时间.
We didn't have the work rate in London that we have here.
我们在伦敦的工作时间没有这里的。
the didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率。
to didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率。
of didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
伦敦没有现在的工薪率。
a didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
A伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率。
We've made a complete turnaround.
我们已彻底扭转了局面。
We've made a total turnaround.
我们已彻底扭转了局面。
We've made a completely turnaround.
我们完全变了。
We've made a full turnaround.
我们已完全转变了。
We've made a amazing turnaround.
我们做了一个惊人的转变。
We've made a brilliant turnaround.
我们做了一个精彩的转变。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from open in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from level in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场以平局的反手射门开始进球。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from square in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场以反手射门开始进球。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from edge in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场的进球中从边上投了个反手球。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from cross in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场以反手射门开始进球。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,一直保持1比0的成绩,直到第三次比赛结束时,巴姆才夺冠。
to had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
虽然在比赛中没有获胜,但球队表现得非常强硬,在第三次比赛结束时,巴姆接任主教练,一直保持1比0的成绩。
a had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
球队在比赛中没有获胜,但是表现得非常强硬,在第三个赛季的晚些时候,巴姆接任主教练之前一直保持1比0的成绩。
of had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
球队在比赛中没有获胜,但是球队表现得非常强硬,在第三次比赛结束时一直保持1比0的成绩,直到巴姆上场。
in had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
球队在比赛中没有获胜,但是表现得令人惊讶地强硬,在第三次比赛结束时一直保持1比0的成绩,直到巴姆接任主教练。
the had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
球队在比赛中没有获胜,但是球队表现得非常强硬,在第三次比赛结束时一直保持1比0的成绩,直到巴姆上场。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and hooked the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她和球在场地的左侧长跑,然后蜷缩到中间,把球钩进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and drove the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and tapped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她和球在场地的左侧长跑,然后蜷缩到中间,然后把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and anchored the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她和球在场地的左侧长跑,然后蜷缩到中间,把球固定在球门上,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and headed the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球指向球门,让美国人以2比0领先。
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季的中途又加了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the last goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季的中途加进最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the second goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季的中途加进第二进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal late through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季加进最后的进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal later through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四段之后又加上了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal earlier through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四轮比赛之前又加了最后一个进球.
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中每一场都允许他进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three wins.
闭门赛是美国守门员杰基布里格斯的第一次比赛,在前三场比赛中,布里格斯每场都会进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalsie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国射手杰基布里格斯的第一次比赛,在前三场胜利中,布里格斯每次都会进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goaltenderie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国门将布里格斯的第一次比赛,在前三场比赛中,布里格斯都允许他进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goals in each of the first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中每一场都进了一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the previous three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场胜利中都允许他进一球。
She is on a roll.
她正忙碌着.
and is on a roll.
正在滚动。
the is on a roll.
在卷子上。
in is on a roll.
在卷子上。
to is on a roll.
在卷子上。
a is on a roll.
a 在卷子上。
So is Bam.
班也是如此。
the is Bam.
我是巴姆。
of is Bam.
是巴姆。
and is Bam.
是巴姆。
to is Bam.
是巴姆。
In March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
In March 1933, shortly after succeeding to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在继任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室共进午餐。
In March 1933, shortly after taking to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在就任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室共进午餐。
In March 1933, shortly after gaining to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在当选总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室共进午餐。
In March 1933, shortly after assuming to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在就任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室共进午餐。
In March 1933, shortly after winning to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在赢得总统职位后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室共进午餐。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼,对五大道的美食颇有品味,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A cigarurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在一家雪茄店里,品尝到了五大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A ateurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在开胃宴会上,品尝到了五大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A homeurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在乡下,品尝到了五大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A dieturmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在餐桌上品尝了五号大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A gurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的乡下人对第五大道的美食颇有品味,如咖啡粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
His menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
他那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥中,还有甜点里,梅子布丁。
the menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥和甜点里,梅子布丁。
of menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱里,土豆泥里,还有甜点里,梅子布丁。
to menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单更朴素:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥和甜点中,梅子布丁。
in menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
在当天的菜单上更朴素:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥和甜点中,梅子布丁。
and menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单更简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱里,土豆泥里,然后,作为甜点,调味布丁。
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" This was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" Dinner was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“晚餐是向受苦受难的人们提供膳食的举动。”
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who ate suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对吃苦头的人的一种烹饪式的声援。”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It is also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to America about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道: “ 这也是给美国关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, said, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)说: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, stated, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)说: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, explained, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科解释说: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地, 是食物历史学家.
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historian.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地, 是食物历史学家.
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food scholars.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地, 是食物学者.
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food history.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地,是食物史。
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food writers.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地, 是食物作者.
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food histories.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地,是食物史。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side thement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国中国菜肴的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区的一个故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side rowement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区赛艇的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side cement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国中国菜肴的,而齐格尔曼女士在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区水泥的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side pement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国中国菜肴的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区菜肴的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side perement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区环境的生活故事。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich 商店)遇到了一位记者。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they meet a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop)与一位记者会面。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1930.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森伯格的三明治店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop)遇到了一位记者。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1930s.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森伯格的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich 商店)遇到了一位记者,这是自1930年房价暴跌以来一直营业的弗拉蒂龙区的一间小的无菌午餐柜台。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, prohibition.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop)遇到了一位记者。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron District that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich 商店)遇到了一位记者。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,57岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 56, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的齐格尔曼女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而56岁的科伊先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 55, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的齐格尔曼女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而55岁的科伊先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 58, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而58岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 53, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而53岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 54, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而54岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, they couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,他们夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, their couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,他们夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, her couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,她夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it appropriate for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fit for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
" Loaves were very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 面包很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Loaves are very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 面包很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Loaves were very common, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 面包是很普通的, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Loaves were quite popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 面包很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, bean loaf.
有花生面包 、 肝面包 、 豆面包.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, beans loaf.
有花生面包 、 肝面包 、 豆面包.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能拉伸原料的廉价材料制成的.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that fits the ingredient out.
它们是由一种配料和一种适合配料的廉价材料制成的.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that bends the ingredient out.
它们是用原料制成的,并且是一种能弯曲原料的廉价材料.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that folds the ingredient out.
它们是用一个成份和便宜的东西做成的,可以把成份折叠出来.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that spreads the ingredient out.
它们由原料和廉价的东西制成,将原料铺开。
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that extends the ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能把原料延伸出去的廉价东西制成的.
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
想象一下,吃足够的花生来做你的晚餐.
and eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
并且吃足够的花生作为你的晚餐。
the eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
吃足够的花生作为你的晚餐。
of eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
吃足够的花生作为你的晚餐。
to eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
吃足够的花生作为你的晚餐。
Imagine eating some peanuts to serve as your dinner.
想象一下,吃一些花生来做你的晚餐.
Mr. Coe grimaced.
科伊先生脸色苍白。
Mr. Coe scowled.
科伊先生皱着眉头。
Mr. Coe frowned.
科伊先生皱起了眉头。
Mr. Coe shrugged.
科伊耸耸肩。
Mr. Coe grunted.
科先生咕哝道。
Mr. Coe snorted.
科伊先生打呼噜了。
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the years before the Depression, the American table, particularly in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the decades before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的数十年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the period before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的时期,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the days before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几天,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the times before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的时代,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐时,都供应给一群妇女,她们为男性农场工人烹饪,并吃新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was offered at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐时,都会有一组妇女为男性农场工人烹饪,并有新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was provided at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
在早餐、午餐和晚餐中,为男性农场工人烹调了一组妇女,并提供了新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked alongside male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐时,都会有一群妇女与男性农场工人一起烹调,还有新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked with male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早饭、午餐和晚餐都供应给一群妇女,她们与男性农场工人一起烹调,并吃新鲜的派。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not becoming the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving French during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的法国人。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving France during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的法国。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europe during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲的。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving European during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,美国人把食物送到了饥饿的欧洲。
" This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“这时候,食品成了美国人民的中心话题。”
" This was a time when food became a primary, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊先生解释他和妻子为什么要写这个故事,说道:“这时候,食品成了美国人民的首要话题,令人感到烦恼。”
" This was a time when food became a prominent, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“这时候,食品成了美国人民一个令人头疼的话题。”
" This was a time when food became a important, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“这时候,食品成了美国人民一个重要的、令人烦恼的话题。”
" This was a time when food became a vital, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“这时候,食品成了美国人民一个至关重要的、充满敌意的话题。”
" This was a time when food became a critical, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“这时候,食品成了美国人民关注的、充满敌意的话题。”
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman observed, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样神秘的菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman wrote, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样神秘的菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“重新利用剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士写道,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman remarked, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样神秘的菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼说,因为厨师可以在酱油的奶油涂层中藏一些不讨人喜欢的成分。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman described, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样神秘的菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman explained, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士解释说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
to fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
把水果换成更便宜的干果。
and fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
水果换成更便宜的干果。
of fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
水果换成更便宜的干果。
the fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
水果换成了更便宜的干果。
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruits.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
Meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,肉类一直是美国餐食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Meat, for decades the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
肉类几十年来一直是美国餐食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Meat, for centuries the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
几个世纪以来,肉类成为美国餐食的中心,成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Meat, for generations the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
肉类, 一代又一代地成为美国餐食的中心, 成了一种稀有的奢侈品.
Meat, for long the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
肉类长期作为美国餐食的中心, 成了一种稀有的奢侈品.
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉,甚至连厨房常识,奇特的碎块被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even standard kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉,甚至超越了标准的厨房意识,奇异的碎块被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even basic kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至是基本的厨房感觉,奇怪的碎块被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even good kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至良好的厨房感觉,奇异的碎石被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even proper kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至适当的厨房感觉,奇异的碎石被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even routine kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉,甚至是日常厨房的感觉,奇特的碎块被试了试。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书(包括食谱)的过程中,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
in researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书时,Ziegelman女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
and researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
齐格尔曼女士在研究这本书的配方时,还准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
of researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
为了研究这本书的配方,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
the researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在对这本书的研究中,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
to researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
为了研究这本书的配方,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
" It was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
" It was not a popular addition at the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 这在餐桌上不是一件很受欢迎的东西. ”
" It was not a popular addition to the dinner tables, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
" It was not a common addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 这并非是餐桌上的常见菜肴. ”
" It was not a favorite addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 这不是餐桌上最喜欢的东西, ” 科伊先生说.
" It was not a much addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不算多. ”
Ms. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼女士放大道: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Mrs. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼夫人说: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Mr. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼先生说: “ 这是超现实的. ”
She. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼放大道: “ 这是超现实的. ”
M. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼先生放大道: “ 这是超现实的. ”
I. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼放大道: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Peanut butter has nothing to say to a baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱没什么可说的.
Peanut butter does nothing to say to a baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱没什么好说的.
Peanut butter says nothing to say to a baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱无话可说.
Peanut butter is nothing to say to a baked onion.
对烤洋葱来说,花生酱没有什么可说的.
Peanut butter will nothing to say to a baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱没有什么可说的.
Peanut butter knows nothing to say to a baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱一无所知.
It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
它是许多家庭食谱的特色。
It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec dishes.
它是许多家庭菜的特色菜。
It was characteristic of a lot of the house-ec recipes.
它是很多家庭食谱的特色。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1944-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,国内经济学家——包括1923-1944年联邦家政经济局局长路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1942-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1942年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)——都养成了国家的饮食习惯。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Bennett, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年的联邦家庭经济局局长路易丝·班尼特(Louise Bennett)——都具备了国家的饮食习惯。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Newman, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
纽曼(Louise Newman)是1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Robinson, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
罗宾逊(Louise Robinson)是1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,鼓励妇女成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " dieteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,鼓励妇女成为“饮食师”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " Budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,鼓励女性成为“预算家”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they promoted women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,促使女性成为“预算人”,并奋起面对挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they urged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章时,她们敦促女性成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they advised women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章时,她们建议女性成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
" A Square Meal " is a feast of historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一顿历史节日的节日.
" A Square Meal " is a feast of historic tidbits.
“ 广场餐 ” 是一顿历史性的节日.
" A Square Meal " is a supper of historical tidbits.
“ 广场餐 ” 是一顿历史晚宴.
" A Square Meal " is a dinner of historical tidbits.
“ 广场餐 ” 是一顿历史的晚餐.
" A Square Meal " is a banquet of historical tidbits.
“ 广场餐 ” 是一顿历史的晚宴.
" A Square Meal " is a meal of historical tidbits.
“ 广场餐 ” 是一顿历史小餐.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开表扬他童年时爱荷华州的简易农舍烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁那样吃饭。
While he publicly admired the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开赞美他童年时爱荷华的简易农舍烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁那样吃饭。
While he publicly appreciated the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
虽然他公开欣赏爱荷华州的农舍烹饪的童年,但是他像一个百万富翁一样吃饭。
While he publicly favored the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开支持爱荷华州的简易农舍烹饪他的童年,他吃饭像一个百万富翁已经成为他。
While he publicly praise the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开赞扬爱荷华州的农舍烹饪他童年时,他吃饭像一个百万富翁已经变成的诡辩者。
While he publicly enjoyed the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开享受他童年时爱荷华州的简易农舍烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁那样吃饭。
" He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼. ” 科伊先生说.
" He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe added.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼, ” 科伊先生补充道.
" He liked to eat European cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃欧式美食, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼, ” 科伊先生说.
" He liked to eat continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像鱼和黄瓜酱一样. ” 科伊先生说.
" He liked to eat French cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃法国菜, 就像鱼和黄瓜酱一样. ” 科伊先生说.
" He liked to eat modern cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃现代美食, 就像鱼和黄瓜酱. ” 科伊先生说.
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在镀金的餐厅吃饭。
He ate in almost a gold-plated sitting room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在一间镀金的起居室里吃饭。
He ate in almost a gold-plated dinner room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在一间镀金的饭厅里吃饭。
He sat in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他几乎坐在一个镀金的餐厅里,穿着一件晚礼服。
He served in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在镀金的餐厅里服务。
He had in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他几乎在一间镀金的餐厅里,穿着一件晚礼服。
He was fabulously out of touch.
他完全失去了联系.
the was fabulously out of touch.
简直是失去了联系。
to was fabulously out of touch.
简直失去了联系。
of was fabulously out of touch.
难以置信的失去联系了。
and was fabulously out of touch.
简直失去了联系。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他以腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the similar error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他以腹部为榜样,他也可能犯过类似的错误。
President Roosevelt might have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他以腹部为榜样的话,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not urged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有敦促他以自己的腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not advised him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有劝他以腹部为例,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not urging him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有敦促他以腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所告诉的,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a President House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所告诉的,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,结果产生了一个总统府,“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些令人沮丧的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a Roosevelt House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所告诉的,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,结果产生了罗斯福大厦,“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,许多大萧条时代的食物方式就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its footing.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,许多大萧条时代的食物方式就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandon as soon as the country got back on its feet.
国家一站稳脚跟,许多大萧条时期的食物就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoning as soon as the country got back on its feet.
经济大萧条时期的许多食品方式,一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandonment as soon as the country got back on its feet.
经济大萧条时期的许多食品方法,一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era cooking ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
经济大萧条时期的许多烹饪方法,一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,就被抛弃了。
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Ziegelman女士说,遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The legacy is in our continued emphasis on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Ziegelman女士说,遗留的问题在于我们继续重视卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman stated, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Ziegelman女士说,遗留的问题在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The legacy is in we continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Ziegelman女士说,遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了Ziegelman的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw foods away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了Ziegelman的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for example.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊先生说.
" She had a real sense of food waste, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 她确实觉得食物浪费了. ” 科伊先生说.
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼女士回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Mrs. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼夫人回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Mr. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : " She really got people sick. "
齐格尔曼回忆道: “ 她真的让人感到恶心. ”
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually made people sick. "
齐格尔曼回忆道: “ 她确实使人感到恶心. ”
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子清理完后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt had for lunch.
在艾森伯格的餐盘被清扫完后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe picked out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格的餐盘被清扫完后,她和科伊先生挑选了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe selected out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子被清理完后,她和科伊先生选择了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe gathered out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子清理完后,她和科伊先生收集了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe opened out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子清理完后,她和科伊先生打开了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman offered, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman asked, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼女士问道,“这叫普鲁恩鞭子,”她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a commonly trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,通常的技巧是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a practiced trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫马鞭子,”她补充说,练习的一个技巧是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a folk trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个民间的伎俩就是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
每个人都不情愿地往黏稠的褐色的goo里蘸了一把勺子.
and reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
并不情愿地把勺子蘸进粘稠的褐色的goo。
in reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
懒洋洋地把勺子蘸进黏稠的褐色豆腐里。
a reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
一只不情愿地往黏稠的褐色豆腐里蘸勺子。
the reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
懒洋洋地把勺子蘸进黏稠的褐色的goo里。
to reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
不情愿地把勺子蘸进粘稠的褐色豆腐里。
Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
令人惊讶的是,情况并不糟糕。
Surprisingly, it wasn't horrible.
令人惊讶的是,这并不可怕。
Mr. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.
科先生返回了几秒钟,又返回了三分之二。
Mrs. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.
科伊太太回到房间里几秒钟,然后又退了三秒钟。
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说:“一些切碎的胡桃子会有所帮助。”
Sounding like a could-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他听上去像个能干的预算人,对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his husband, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对丈夫说,“一些切碎的胡桃子会有所帮助。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he advised his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他说话像一个能干的预算人,建议他的妻子,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he asked his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他说话像一个能干的预算人,他问他的妻子,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would do. "
他说话像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃子会行。”
Unfortunately, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
不幸的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
of, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
其中,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
the, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
石油输出国组织最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
to, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
至此,欧佩克的最新月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
in, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
其中,欧佩克的最新月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
and, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
而且,欧佩克的最新月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的开采道路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot stop the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的复苏道路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot keep the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的复苏道路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot block the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的复苏道路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot break the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
该报告不能使市场对欧佩克的可信度产生怀疑,石油的复苏之路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot make the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
该报告不能使市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的复苏道路仍然充满荆棘。
On Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期一,欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日国际能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
On Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the Global Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期一,欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日全球能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的月度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, excluding Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的月度报告显示,除加蓬外,整个欧佩克组织7月份的日产量增加了46 000桶/日,达到331 100万桶/日。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Benin, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的月度报告显示,包括贝宁在内的欧佩克整个组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Cameroon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的月度报告显示,包括喀麦隆在内的欧佩克整个组织7月份的日产量增加了46 000桶/日,达到331 100万桶/日。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Angola, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的月度报告显示,包括安哥拉在内的欧佩克整个组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Chad, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的月度报告显示,包括乍得在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克还在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the level of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克还在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而增加了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the amount of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克还在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而增加了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the proportion of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克还在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了市场过度供应的比例。
OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the share of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克还在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而增加了市场过度供应的份额。
OPEC has said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克(OPEC)在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了对市场的过度供应。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长的预期和原油库存的意外增加,加剧了过度的市场供应。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected rise in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长的预期和原油库存的意外上升,加剧了过度的市场供应。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increases in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长的预期和原油库存的意外增加,加剧了过度的市场供应。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increased in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长的预期和原油库存的意外增加,加剧了过度的市场供应。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increasing in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长的预期和原油库存的意外增长,加剧了过度的市场供应。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.07%。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 08 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.08%。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 06 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.06%。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 08 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌了2.08%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌了2.07%。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent dropped by 2. 07 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.07%。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent declined by 2. 07 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.07%。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is likely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议可能会使石油供应趋紧,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to strengthen the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能加强石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to widen the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能扩大供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to increase the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能增加石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to ease the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能缓解石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
At the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
在发布会议消息时,俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克说,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
At the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production talks under the current oil price.
在发布会议消息时,俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克表示,没有必要在当前油价下举行新一轮的冻结生产会谈。
in the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息时表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
the the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息时表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
of the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克表示,在发布会议消息时,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
to the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克表示,在发布会议消息之前,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
4月,石油生产国举行会议,欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
It was March when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
3月,石油生产国举行会议,石油输出国组织成员国之间没有达成协议。
It was May when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
石油生产国是在5月举行会议的,欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
It was August when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
8月,石油生产国举行会议,欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. This agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
石油生产国是在4月份举行会议的,这一协议是欧佩克成员国之间达成的。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. The agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
4月,石油生产国举行会议,欧佩克成员国达成了协议。
Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
Emma Reynolds, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师埃玛?雷诺(Emma Reynolds)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议做出过度反应。
Emma Johnson, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?约翰逊(Emma Johnson)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议做出过度反应。
Emma Roberts, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?罗伯茨(Emma Roberts)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
Emma Smith, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?史密斯(Emma Smith)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
Emma Williams, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?威廉姆斯(Emma Williams)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议做出过度反应。
Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克罗夫特(Herlima Croft)表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
He Alexa Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管He Alexa Croft表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC shifted the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克罗夫特(Herlima Croft)表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
This means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ).
这就像一面烟雾和一面引人注意的镜子 ( 故意给人错误的印象 ).
This means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false image ).
这就像一面烟雾和一面吸引人们注意的镜子 ( 故意制造假象 ).
This means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false effect ).
这就像一面烟雾和一面引人注意的镜子 ( 故意制造假效果 ).
This means like a smoke with a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ).
这就像一面镜子的烟雾,吸引人们的注意力 ( 故意给人错误的印象 ).
Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German commercial bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was low.
德国商业银行的大宗商品研究主管欧根?温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,欧佩克试图通过9月会议稳定市场的可能性很小。
Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German commercial bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was slim.
德国商业银行的大宗商品研究主管欧根?温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,欧佩克试图通过9月的会议稳定市场的可能性很小。
Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German commercial bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was small.
德国商业银行的商品研究主管欧根?温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,欧佩克(OPEC)试图通过9月会议稳定市场的可能性很小。
Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German commercial bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was minimal.
德国商业银行的大宗商品研究主管欧根?温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,欧佩克试图通过9月会议稳定市场的可能性很小。
Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at the German commercial bank, said the possibility of OPEC trying to stabilize the market through the September meeting was high.
德国商业银行的大宗商品研究主管欧根·温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,欧佩克通过9月的会议试图稳定市场的可能性很大。
This is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming ".
这可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
This is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is Coming ".
这可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
This is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is back ".
这可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了“狼回来了”。
This is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is come ".
这可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地医疗单位如有非法的医疗广告,举报重点应放在过去,并屡次受到处罚,作为检查重点。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical associations, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地应当将有非法医疗协会的医疗机构、以过去为重点的投诉和一再受到处罚的医疗机构作为检查的焦点。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical the, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地对有违法医疗行为的医疗机构,应当重点处理过去的申诉,并一再作为检查重点予以处罚。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have continuously been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地对有非法医疗广告、以过去为重点的投诉的医疗机构,应当始终作为检查重点予以处罚。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have already been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地医疗单位如有非法的医疗广告,举报重点应放在过去,并已经作为检查重点受到处罚。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have recently been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地应当将非法的医疗广告、针对过去的投诉、近期受到处罚的医疗机构作为检查重点。
National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine shall timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生委员会、国家中药管理局应当及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some regions.
国家卫生委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分地区的监督检查工作进行监督。
National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some province.
国家卫生委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省的监督检查工作进行监督。
According to media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体披露,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problems of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体的披露,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came in the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体的披露,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金出现在等待期。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有20%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 30 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有30%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 25 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有25%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 15 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有15%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 10 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭了,约有10%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 50 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有50%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
然而,正值大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎之时,一些子领域领先的企业仍能得到人们的称赞。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, many sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
然而,正值大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎之时,许多子领域领先的企业仍能得到人们的称赞。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, some sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
然而,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎一样,一些子领域领先的企业仍能得到人们的称赞。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, few sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
然而,正值大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎之时,很少有地区领先的企业能够获得资金。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still obtain the capital touted.
然而,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎一样,一些次级地区的主要企业仍可以获得人们所吹嘘的资本。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still find the capital touted.
然而,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎一样,几个子领域的主要企业仍能找到被吹捧的资本。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still have the capital touted.
然而,正值大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎之时,几个分区的领先企业仍能有被吹捧的资本。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不是“群”而是“群”看市场的需要,是专业的、深入的。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to know the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不应“群”化,而应了解市场需求,具有专业性和深度。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to understand the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不应“群”化,而应了解市场需求,具有专业性和深度。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to identify the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不应“群”化,而应识别市场需求,具有专业性和深度。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to recognize the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不应“群”化,而应认清市场需求,具有专业性和深度。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to serve the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不应“群”化,而应服务于市场需求,具有专业性和深度。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for the % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的%。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for a % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的1%。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for of % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元,占注册资本的%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for a % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元,占注册资本的1%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for the % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元,占注册资本的%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子和综合的供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management network gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子和综合的供应链管理网络逐步进入各级医院。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management systems gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子和综合的供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management technology gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子和综合的供应链管理技术逐步进入各级医院。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical data, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗数据方面提供政策支持,电子和综合的供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical communication, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗通信方面提供政策支持,电子和综合供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management network, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理网络,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management systems, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management infrastructure, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理基础设施,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
the cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
of cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professionals on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,是针对孕妇和医生的专业人士。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be specialist on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,成为孕妇和医生方面的专家。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be specialized on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,专门为孕妇和医生服务。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant parents and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对怀孕的父母和医生具有专业性。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant women and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant woman can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant Women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant women will not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可免费享受24小时的医疗服务,并可与医生进行一对一的查询,而且还可支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hour of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 Hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
of the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
in the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
the the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
and the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
to the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,为医科病人分别设置了三片,供医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, besides, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,医生的委托人三盘子,医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, namely, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,为医生的病人设置了三张牌照,即医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, each, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,医生的委托人有三个牌照,每个牌照供医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, separate, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,医生的委托人立有三张牌照,分别供医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for physicians to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,为医科病人分别设置了三板,供医师继续教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal support, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;医生与病人关系或个人生活所需的法律支持、商业支持和其他服务。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal advice, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;法律咨询、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal consultation, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;法律谘询、商业支援以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal Assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services needed by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得大的健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lii recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王立最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”以赢得重大健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lui recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,CEO王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得重大健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Sui recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,王瑞最近表示,阿里健康“乐于下调”,以赢得重大健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Fei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王菲最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”以赢得重大健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Bei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,CEO王贝最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得重大健康数据。
Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,无法在同一条条目上提供统一的信息。
Internet companies and data companies are out of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司是专业的,无法在同一条目上提供统一。
Internet companies and data companies are for of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司是专业的,无法在同一条目上提供统一。
Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. The unity can be provided on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,可以在相同的条目上提供统一性。
Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be given on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,不能在同一条条目上给予统一。
Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be offered on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,无法在同一条条目上提供统一的信息。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局划分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院三个板块。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health sector is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗和卫生部门的布局分为阿里卫生、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院三个板块。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay new hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局划分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕新医院。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay potential hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局划分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕潜在医院三个板块。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay planned hospital.
阿里在医疗和卫生领域的布局分为阿里卫生、林克斯药房和阿利帕计划医院三个板块。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay Future hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院三层。
Wang Lei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王雷承认,相比其他行业,医药和医疗公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Lui admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王雷承认,相比其他行业,医药和卫生公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Fei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王飞承认,相比其他行业,医药和医疗公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Lii admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王立承认,相比其他行业,医药公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Kei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王淇承认,相比其他行业,医药卫生公司更难创业,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Hei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王海承认,相比于其他行业,医药和卫生公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart to
熬夜观看奥林匹克运动会会会伤害到人们的心
Staying up late viewing the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will affect the heart easily
熬夜看奥林匹克运动会很容易影响人心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damaged the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the Midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the late in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使这次活动在中国的晚间播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the night in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国的夜间播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the dawn in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国的黎明时分播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the hours in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
In this regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and could lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead into cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has medical risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有医疗风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压,从而引起心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and can have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,并有正常的恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩,血压,从而引起心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and not have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,不会恢复正常,很容易导致血管收缩、血压等心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense thrill and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于剧烈的刺激状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压,从而引起心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense anticipation and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于一种强烈的预期状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压和心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense anxiety and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度的焦虑状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压和心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒那些有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就很容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, high blood glucose, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒那些有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就很容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, high blood fat, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒那些有高血压、高血脂、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就很容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhi Hui reminded people who have high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志辉提醒那些有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就可能容易患心血管疾病。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于老朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular condition.
对于老朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管病患者。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan recommended them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于老朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan advised them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于老朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, especially those with cardiovascular disease.
对于老朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, specially those with cardiovascular disease.
对于老朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be associated with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be linked with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 65-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位65岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-elderly patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接受了60年的老年病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的医科治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated many 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的医科治疗过许多25岁的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated 300 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的系治疗了300名25岁的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated more 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的医科治疗了25岁以上的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated 100 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
据韩志远说,他所在的医科治疗了100名25岁的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated thousand 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
根据韩志远的说法,他的系治疗了一千名25岁的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的体育活动,观看第二天复播的其他体育活动。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other Sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的运动,看第二天复播的其他运动节目。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other games next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的运动,观看第二天其他比赛的转播。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for others sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的运动,看第二天为别人运动转播的节目。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorites sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的体育活动,看第二天复播的其他体育活动。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favourite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的运动,看第二天复播的其他运动节目。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruits during stay up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more Fruit during stay up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,在熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can reduce blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以减少堵血,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can decrease blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2.你可以多喝水,多吃水果,这样可以减少堵血,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can prevent blood clogging and increase your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力夺得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veterans Du Li won the bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三轮体态决赛后,中国老兵杜丽夺得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese rookie Du Li won the bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国新手杜丽赢得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese senior Du Li won the bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三轮体态决赛后,中国高年级杜丽夺得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese qualifier Du Li won the bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三轮体态决赛后,中国选手杜丽夺得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese woman Du Li won the bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国女子杜丽夺得了铜牌。
Du Li became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜莉先后四次成为奥运会的冠军,在这4届奥运会上赢得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li was a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜莉先后四次在奥运会上夺得金牌、银牌和铜牌,在4届奥运会上夺得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li becomes a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜莉因此4次赢得了奥运会,在这4届奥运会上赢得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li is a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜莉是本届奥运会的4次冠军,在这4届奥运会上,她赢得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games in 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜莉先后四次夺得奥运会金牌,四次夺得金牌、一枚银牌和一枚铜牌。
Du Wei became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜薇先后四次荣获奥运金牌,在这4届奥运会上分别夺得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and joined Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,并加入教练王德文的专业射击训练。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and accompanied Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,并陪同教练王德文参加专业射击训练。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang De Ying for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德英进行专业射击训练。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang De Wei for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随主教练王德伟进行专业射击训练。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang De Fang for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德芳进行专业射击训练。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,并打破了世界纪录,射出504.9枚炮弹。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 ring.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,并打破了世界纪录,射程为504.9枚。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 Rings.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,并以504.9环打破了世界纪录。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 drops.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,以504.9下击打破了世界纪录。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 arc.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪比赛,以504.9弧打破了世界纪录。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 bars.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,并打破了世界纪录,拥有504.9个酒吧。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team at the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medals and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus a the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus an the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus the the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,因而是中国队在雅典奥运会上的第一块金牌。
In August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月, 在伦敦奥运会严重失败后, 杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛 ( ISSAF ).
In August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the appeal for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月, 在伦敦奥运会严重失利后, 杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛 ( ISSAF ).
In August, 2012, after serious fail in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月, 在伦敦奥运会严重失败后, 杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛 ( ISSAF ).
In August, 2012, after serious failed in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月, 在伦敦奥运会严重失败后, 杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛 ( ISSAF ).
In August, 2012, after serious fails in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月, 在伦敦奥运会严重失败后, 杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛 ( ISSAF ).
In August, 2012, after serious failure in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月, 在伦敦奥运会严重失败后, 杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛 ( ISSAF ).
On August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
On August 13, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月13日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
On August 11, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月11日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年初在央视和莱特夫上映,并将首次推出VR全景纪录片。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version is also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,并首次推出VR全景纪录片版本。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR poramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部影片预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,还将首次推出VR纪录片。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR fulloramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部影片预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,还将首次推出一部VR全影纪录片。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR grandoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,还将首次推出一部VR宏大纪录片。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR eoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部影片预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,还将首次推出VR电子纪录片版本。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看《沉浸》,这也提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this an raise a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”并且这提高了拍摄过程的更高的要求。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this a raise a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”并且这提高了拍摄过程的更高的要求。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this in raise a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”并且这提高了拍摄过程的更高的要求。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this with raise a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”和这提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this the raise a higher request for the shooting process.
VR作品的最大优势在于让观众能够拥有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”,而这提高了拍摄过程的更高的要求。
The production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》专辑的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,并让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
The production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will make that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》(Polar)VR特版的制作团队说,他们将让屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
The production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will render that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》VR特版的制作团队说,他们将使屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
The production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is ineccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》专辑的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
The production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is andeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》专辑的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是可行的,让观众有沉浸在其中的感觉。
The production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is witheccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》专辑的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无用的,并让观众有沉浸在其中的感觉。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队在高温34摄氏度的昆山组织特种战争狙击手进行丛林训练。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 32 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队在高温32摄氏度的昆山组织特种作战狙击手进行丛林训练。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training in Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队在高温34摄氏度的昆山组织特种战争狙击手进行丛林训练。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training on Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队在高温34摄氏度的昆山组织特种作战狙击手进行丛林训练。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training near Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队组织特种战争狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山附近进行丛林训练。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have forest training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队在高温34摄氏度的昆山组织特种战争狙击手进行森林训练。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost resulted to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost contributed to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎是美国-苏联核战争的罪魁祸首。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost ended to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎结束了美国和苏联的核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which nearly led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致了美国和苏联的核战争。
This event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This incident was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This crisis was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这场危机被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This event was viewed as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This event was perceived as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This event was regarded as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被认为是冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The event has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The occurrence has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The phenomenon has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,研究者直到8月9日才宣布这一现象。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the scientists until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日科学家才宣布这一事件。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the research until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究才宣布这一事件。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for tracking Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于跟踪苏联导弹。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for observing Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于观察苏联导弹。
These Radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activities and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar behavior and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他采访了美国参与太阳行为预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar events and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳事件预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar intelligence and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳情报预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar terrorism and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他采访了美国参与太阳恐怖主义预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书写道,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些携带核弹头的战斗机在空中飞行。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to counter the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书写道,在20世纪60年代,为了对抗苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机在空中发射核弹头。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to avoid the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书写道,为了避免苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军在20世纪60年代一直有一些战斗机携带核弹头在空中飞行。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters against nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书写道,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机攻击核弹头。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters of nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书写道,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些核弹头战斗机在空中飞行。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had several fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书写道,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军总有几架核弹头在空中飞行的战斗机。
US military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国军事指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather not the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国军事指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴,而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar hurricane rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国军事指挥官并不知道干扰的罪魁祸首是太阳飓风,而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately halted this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately ended this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终结束了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately prevented this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终防止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately eliminated this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终消除了这一潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately avoided this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终避免了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and issued a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并发布了一份详细的报告。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and prepared a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并编写了一份详细的报告。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and made a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并做了详细的报告。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and presented a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and published a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并发布了一份详细的报告。
The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a strengthened space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗关注问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a strong space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗关注问题,并建立了强大的空间天气预报系统。
The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space storm as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将太空风暴视为一种战斗关注,并建立了更强大的太空天气预报系统。
The direct consequence of that solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The direct consequence of the solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们无法与奇怪的车辆司机接触。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem if they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,如果他们未能与奇怪的车辆司机接触,他们可以利用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were slowed by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现自己的车辆被一辆奇怪的车辆拖慢时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们无法与奇怪的车辆司机接触。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they missed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们错过了与奇怪的车辆司机接触的机会。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they continued to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,当他们继续与奇怪的车辆司机接触时。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they happened to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的汽车受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,当他们碰巧碰到了这位奇怪的车辆司机。
From August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'an traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
从8月11日开始, 西安交通警察 韦查特 服务电话 “ 西安交通警察 ” 启动 了 “ 威查特汽车移动服务 ”.
From August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'An traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
从8月11日开始, 西安交通警察的“西安交通警 ” 号启动“ 西安车行驶 ” 服务.
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unknown vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到不明车辆的阻碍时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决这些问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problem via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not on the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时(司机不在现场),他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were delayed by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而延误时(司机不在现场),他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were slowed by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的汽车因不熟悉的车辆而放慢时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过“WeChat”功能解决这些问题。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以通过他们的WeChat非常方便地使用该方法,使双方能够轻松友好地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method allows the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以使用WeChat非常方便地使用该方法,使双方能够轻松友好地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method means the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以通过他们的WeChat非常方便地使用它,这种方法意味着双方以友好、便捷的方式会面,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enabled the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以通过他们的WeChat非常方便地使用该方法,使双方能够轻松友好地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enable the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以通过他们的WeChat非常方便地使用该方法,使双方能够轻松友好地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method facilitate the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以方便地使用WeChat,这样便于双方友好、便捷地举行会议,减轻和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle the actual situation based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管理部门表示,交通警察将根据实际情况采取不同措施处理实际情况。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle the actual situation based on the real situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管理部门表示,根据实际情况,交通警察将采取不同措施处理实际情况。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
八月九日,在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点上,上罗供电公司的10多名年轻员工来到这里,开展了“引进古镇电力活动”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came there to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
八月九日,在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点上,上罗供电公司的10多名年轻员工前来进行“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 20 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
八月九日,商罗供电公司二十多名年轻员工在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点,来此开展“引进古镇电力活动”和“复七”主题活动。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 40 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
今年8月9日,在丹凤县迪华市文化旅游景点上,上罗供电公司的40多名年轻员工来到这里,开展了“引进古镇电力活动”和“复七”主题活动。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 70 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
今年8月9日,在丹凤县迪华市文化旅游景点,上罗供电公司的70多名年轻员工来到这里,开展了“引进古镇电力活动”和“七七重庆”的主题活动。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 50 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
今年8月9日,商罗供电公司50多名年轻员工在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点,来此开展“引进古镇电力活动”和“重阳节”等主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司丹凤县结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Dongfeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上露电力供应公司东风县结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Dafeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司大丰县结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Xifeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上露电力供应公司与新风县县立精神文明建设相结合,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activities in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司丹凤县结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity event in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司丹凤县结合精神文明建设,积极组织“古城电会”和“七七重庆”主题活动。
Staff who participated in the activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
Staff who participated in the activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we need time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,所以我们需要时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
Staff who participated in the activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we lacked time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
Staff who participated in the activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we want time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,所以我们需要时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
Staff who participated in the activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we have time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,所以我们有时间和平台和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
Staff who participated in the activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we miss time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,因此我们错失了时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
" This time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting. "
这一次,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐和和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它,有意义和有趣的。
" This time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and exciting. "
这一次,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐、和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它,有意义和令人激动。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
二度七庆主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的好评,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh Fest theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
七月七日的春节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的欢呼,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
复式第七节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的欢呼,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh Jam theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
七月二日的“七月七日”主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的好评,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的沟通与交流。
Double Seventh Days theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
双周七日的主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的欢呼,他们希望公司日后能组织这类活动,并加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and enhance communication and exchange with more other young people.
二度七庆主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的好评,他们希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Nadal, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
纳达尔是一名西班牙巨星,是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8,他也有资格入围决赛。
Na Martín, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军纳马丁击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8,他也有资格入围决赛。
Na González, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星纳·冈萨雷斯(Na González)是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8。
Na López, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军纳洛佩斯击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8,他也有资格入围决赛。
Na Martínez, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军、北京奥运会冠军纳·马丁内斯击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8。
Na Fernández, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军纳·费尔南德斯(Na Fernández)击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出特别的偏好,那达尔一击就大获全胜。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference in the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
在奥运会上,大满贯的金牌获胜者纳达尔表现出了特殊的喜好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔人打了起来,赚了很大的钱。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows particular preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出了特别的偏好,那达尔一击就赚了大钱。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows much preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出浓厚的喜好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔大打出手,赚了大钱。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows more preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔更倾向于奥运会,这位未痊愈的纳达尔大打出手,赚了大钱。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows unique preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出了独特的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔大打出手,赚了大钱。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Welsh Tekay and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与威尔斯·泰凯和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Tudor Tekay and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与图多·特凯和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romania Tekay and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的特凯和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and andgia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和安吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and forgia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和福希争夺金牌。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在里约奥运会女子单人赛中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单人赛半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competitions, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在里约奥运会女子单人赛中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天激烈的比赛,女子单人半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense qualification, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运女子单人赛项目吸引了很多种子运动员,经过几天的激烈比赛,女子单人赛半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense qualifying, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在里约奥运会女子单人赛中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈选拔,女子单人赛半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were created on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运女子单人赛项目吸引了很多种子运动员,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单人赛半决赛于本月第11日开幕。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were formed on 11th day of the month.
在里约奥运会女子单人赛中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单人赛半决赛于本月第11天举行。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final seat will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖竞争最终优惠券,而基思和科别尔之间也将获得最后的席位。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and an final seat will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖竞争最终优惠券,并将在基思和科比尔之间产生最终的席位。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and a final seat will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖竞争最终优惠券,并将在基思和科比尔之间产生最终的席位。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and the final seat will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖竞争最终优惠券,最后的席位将由基思和科别尔制作。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final seat will be produced between Keith and Steinl.
科维托娃将与普格争夺最终优惠券,基思和施泰因尔之间还将获得最后的席位。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final seat will be produced between Keith and Sergel.
科维托娃将与普盖争夺最终优惠券,基思和塞尔日格尔将再获得最后的席位。
The final eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的8个也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The final eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto pair outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的八人也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳特双人组合的退出比混合双打的优势。
The final eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the upset of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的8个也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但是第一种子马湖加西亚组合的烦恼和纳托组合的退出比混合双打的强。
The final four is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的四人也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The final 8 is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的8个也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The final two is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的2个也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田文雄和日本国防部长中田中雄出席纽约记者招待会的日子。
This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani visited the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田中雄访问纽约记者招待会的日子。
This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani met the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外相岸田文雄和日本国防部长中田中雄在纽约举行记者招待会的日子。
This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani addressed the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田文雄和日本国防部长中原在纽约的记者招待会上讲话的日子。
This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani joined the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田中雄将军参加纽约记者招待会的日子。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日军评估报告和第四次发布英文版。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the third launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日本军事评估报告和第三次发布英文版本。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fifth launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日本军事评估报告和第五次发布英文版。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launching of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日军评估报告和第四次发布英文版。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth release of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日本军事评估报告和英文版第四版。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth debut of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日本军事评估报告和英文版首映。
The report is divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
全文分为政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事体制改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等九章。
The report is divided into seven chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
全文分为政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事体制改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等七章。
The report is divided into eight chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分八章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
The report said that the year 2015 was a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustment in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy changes in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策变革的阶段性一年。
The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy improvements in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策改进的阶段性一年。
The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy reforms in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策改革的阶段性一年。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
自那以后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, structures and policies.
自那以后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、结构和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, processes and policies.
自那以后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、进程和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, procedures and policies.
自那以后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、程序和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, institutions and policies.
自那以后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、机构和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, systems and policies.
自那以后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、制度和政策的重大调整和改变。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international military affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际军事事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security matters, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美联盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
The report emphasized that the Abe cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
Previously, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
and, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
of, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
其中,2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日,中国战略文化促进委员会公布了日本军事评估报告。
to, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此后,中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
in, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
其中,2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日、2014年6月30日,中国战略文化促进委员会公布了日本军事评估报告。
the, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
British " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
British " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on villa of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使别墅的照片。
British " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on house of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使的一连串照片。
British " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on residence of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了一系列美国驻华大使的居住照片。
British " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on building of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了一组关于美国驻华大使的图片。
British " Financial Times " on August 13 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月13日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可作为安全屋。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety building in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可作为安全的建筑。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety cover in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可作为安全的封面。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety home in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中,可以用作安全之家。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, could be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可作为安全屋。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novel of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可作为安全屋。
The residence is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
住宅是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The house is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
房子是灰色的,并被周边栅栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The dwelling is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
住宅是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The Residence is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
住宅是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The building is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
建筑是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The home is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
房子是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
Improvement of public sports facilities
改善公共体育设施
Improvement of general sports facilities
改善一般体育设施
Improvement of municipal sports facilities
改善市政体育设施
to of public sports facilities
公共体育设施
of of public sports facilities
公共体育设施
the of public sports facilities
公共体育设施
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
黑暗的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”的足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代体育博物馆。
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sport museum.
黑暗的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖塔植物变成了现代体育博物馆。
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern athletics museum.
黑暗的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”的足球场,而红砖尖塔植物则变成了一个现代运动博物馆。
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern games museum.
黑暗的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”的足球场,而红砖尖塔植物变成了一个现代的游戏博物馆。
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern athletes museum.
黑暗的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,红砖尖塔植物变成了现代运动员博物馆。
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned to a modern sports museum.
黑暗的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”的足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代体育博物馆。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗美宁体育文化公园在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Aning Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗安宁体育文化公园在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Yaning Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗炎宁体育馆在杭州王江大门外揭开了神秘的面纱。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Daying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗代宁体育文化公园在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Yanging Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗扬宁体育馆在杭州王江门外揭开了神秘的面纱。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Suing Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗苏宁体育馆在杭州王江门外揭开了神秘的面纱。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟肥沃的土壤。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to offer sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场馆,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟新的肥沃土壤。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to give sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化公园,并将于11月正式开放给公众免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟肥沃的土壤。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to serve sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式免费开放给公众,为体育场馆服务,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟一片肥沃的土壤。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to host sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场馆,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟肥沃的土壤。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to have sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场馆,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟新的肥沃土壤。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这让人们想起了杭州的陈景伦学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Li Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这让人们想起杭州李景伦学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Shen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这让大家想起杭州沈静伦学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Liu Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这让大家想起杭州柳景伦学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chang Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这让大家想起杭州常景伦学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Cheng Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这让人们想起杭州成静伦学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,对竞技体育和全国性体育之间的关系作出生动的解释,其广袤的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid explanation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,生动地解释竞技运动与全国性运动的关系,这种深厚的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid illustration of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,生动地展示竞技体育和全国性体育之间的关系,其广袤的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid understanding of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将不断培养出优秀的游泳冠军,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系产生生动的认识,广袤的群众基础为选拔职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid appreciation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,对竞技体育与国家体育的关系产生生动的欣赏力,其广袤的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid Understanding of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系产生生动的了解,这种深入的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely connected to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育水平与国家体育基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely linked to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育的水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely dependent to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育的水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain definition on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定的定义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the circumstances of the site.
竞技体育水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的具体情况。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 130 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的130倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 200 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据报道,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的200倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 400 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的400倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 300 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的300倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 120 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的120倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年六月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Programme ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年六月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Plan ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年六月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In June this year, the State Council launched a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年6月,国务院启动《国家健身计划》(2016-2020年),把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " the took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年六月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " a took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年六月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " of took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年6月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,将发展群众体育列为主要内容。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " in took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年六月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,将发展群众体育列为主要内容。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
为填空板,有关部门应当充分考虑城市规划中的体育场布局。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full consideration of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
为填空板,有关部门应当充分考虑城市规划体育场的布局。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full consider of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
为了填空板,有关部门应当充分考虑体育场在城市规划中的布局。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium in urban planning.
为填空板,有关部门在城市规划中应当充分考虑体育场布局。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium to urban planning.
为了填空板,有关部门在城市规划时应充分考虑体育场的布局。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium on urban planning.
为填空板,有关部门在城市规划中应充分考虑体育场的布局。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆的单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units within the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆内的单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units at the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units of the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already constructed public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already build public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
里约奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,它激起了人们体育的热情,同时也唤起了每个人对参赛的认识。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sport, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
里约奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,它激起了人们体育的热情,同时也唤起了每个人对参赛的认识。
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead与默克公司竞争丙型肝炎专利获得律师费
Gilead to win attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
在丙型肝炎专利对抗中,Gilead赢得律师费
Gilead to secure attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead与默克公司在丙型肝炎专利纠纷中收取律师费
Gilead to gain attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead与默克公司竞争丙型肝炎专利获得律师费
Gilead to buy attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
基列与默克公司购买丙型肝炎专利诉讼的律师费
Gilead to pay attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
基列与默克公司支付丙型肝炎专利诉讼的律师费
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Sciences Inc is liable to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
基列科学公司(Gilead Sciences Inc)有责任收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it accumulated related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权收取它与C型肝炎专利诉讼相关的律师费,美国地区法官已经裁决,制药商Merck & Co Inc。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it received related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权得到它收到的与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,该公司是美国地区法官裁决的制药商Merck & Co Inc。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it contracted related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有资格获得与C型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it paid related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权得到它支付的与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)提交案卷时表示,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it accumulated while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)提交案卷时表示,基列有权免除在为案件辩护时积累的费用。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it earned while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)提交案卷时表示,基列有权免除在为案件辩护时所赚的费用。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it charged while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)提交案卷时表示,在为案件辩护时,基莱德有权免除所收取的费用。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈90%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 70 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈70%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 100 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据了市场主导地位,可治愈超过100%的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 99 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈99%以上的肝病病人。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The case dates back to 2012 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2012年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The case dates back to 2014 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2014年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming title of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时,基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,称其实验室工作是基列毒品的活性成分Sofosbuvir(sofosbuvir)的基础。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming control of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时,基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称他们控制了基列毒品中活性成分Sofosbuvir(sofosbuvir)的实验室工作。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming copyright of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时,基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir(sofosbuvir)的实验室工作的版权。
U. S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺取了曼比吉的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Ifbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺取了伊夫比克的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Jebij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国夺取了对Jebij的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Mabij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺取了对马比吉的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Tadbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺得了对塔德比的控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Dabij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺取了对Dabij的全部控制权
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经控制了该城。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Dabij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市达比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经控制了该城市。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Tadbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市塔德比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经控制了该城。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Hadbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市哈德比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经控制了该城市。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Thatbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市Thatbij最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已全面控制了该城市。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Jbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市Jbij最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已全面控制了该城。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 现在扫荡了这座城市,在此之前还有一批武装分子被困在这座城市里。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now clearing the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 已经清除了这座城市,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该城市。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now patrolling the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 现在 正在 该市 巡逻, 在此之前 仍 有 一批 被 困 在 该市 的 激进分子 离去 。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now swept the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 现在扫荡了这座城市后,其余一群武装分子离开,他们被困在这座城市里。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now searching the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量(SDF)现在正在搜查该市,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该市。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now stormed the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 离开这座城市后,被困在该市的其余武装分子包围了。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Mowish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Mowish,他们告诉路透社。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan thewish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,Sharfan是SDFA联盟曼比吉军事委员会(Manbij Communicational Council)的亲信,他们告诉路透社说。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan awish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,而SDFA联盟曼比吉军事委员会(Manbij Communicational Council)的亲信Sharfan告诉路透社说。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan ofwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会(Manbij Communicational Council)的什尔凡(Sharfan ofwish)对路透社表示的。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan inwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的伊斯兰教徒,他们告诉路透社。
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweep operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行清扫行动。”
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking clearing operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行清理行动。”
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking search operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“这个城市现在完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行搜索。”
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking surveillance operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行监视行动。”
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he assured Reuters.
他向路透社保证:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,联邦税率为34.2%
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 billion in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了10.75亿美元,联邦税率为34.2%
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 075万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 25 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 025万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 76 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 076万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 74 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1074万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的有效联邦税。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 5 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 050万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 6 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 060万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐出了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mainly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇共捐资100万美元,主要捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿收了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, primarily to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇共捐资100万美元,主要捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿收了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running partner, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running rival, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选对手、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running opponent, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选对手、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running ally, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的盟友、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running fellow, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳了20.3%的联邦有效税率。
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2016.
他们于2016年缴纳了20.3%的联邦有效税率。
They received a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
2015年,他们获得了20.3%的联邦有效税率。
They faced a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
2015年,他们面临20.3%的联邦有效税率。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现他以前做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promise to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正躲在虚假借口背后,背靠背地兑现他以前承诺的释放其纳税申报表。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on the previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现此前做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on Trump previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正躲在虚假借口的背后,背靠背地对待特朗普以前做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on he previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正躲在虚假借口背后,背靠背地兑现他以前承诺的释放其纳税申报表。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is lying behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口和背信弃义地兑现他以前做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
It is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is usual for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is normal for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人公布纳税申报是正常的,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is common for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人通常会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is routine for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人公布他们的纳税申报是例行公事,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is compulsory for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人必须公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一次审计,作为他拒绝释放其回报的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his results.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的审计作为拒绝公布其结果的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service the a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的审核结果,认为他拒绝释放自己的回报。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service and a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一项审计,以及他拒绝释放其回报的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service a a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的审计为他拒绝释放其回报的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service of a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了国税局对拒绝释放他返还财产的理由进行的审计。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的行动”与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, referring to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的行动”指的是民主党提名人的回归。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, relating to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的行动”涉及到民主党提名人的回归。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, using to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的举动,”他利用民主党候选人的回归。
" My move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
“我的举动,”克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" Our move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“我们的行动”与民主党提名人的回归有关。
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
星期四,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Wednesday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
科恩(Michael Cohen)周三对CNN说,在审计完成之前,他不会允许特朗普释放他们。
On Monday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
科恩(Michael Cohen)周一对CNN说,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Friday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
上周五,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Tuesday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
周二,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会允许特朗普释放他们。
On July, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
7月,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other connections, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引起了人们对他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and many fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年的共和党总统候选人罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和许多共和党同僚,都表示,他的拒绝引起了人们对他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and some fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年的共和党总统候选人罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和一些共和党同僚,都表示,他的拒绝引起了人们对他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and several fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和一些共和党同僚都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans advocating Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,强调高调的共和党人鼓吹特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans calling Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人呼吁特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans asking Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人要求特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans pushing Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,强调高调的共和党推高特朗普的税收。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans lobbying Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,强调共和党高调游说特朗普,要求他释放税收。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
周四, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Wednesday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
周三, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Friday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
上周五,她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Monday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
星期一, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题.
On February, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
二月,她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On July, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
7月,她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in years has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人几年来所做的一切,并公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential campaign in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做过去数十年的每一个总统竞选活动,拒绝公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release our tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝发放我们的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax return, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做过去数十年中每一个总统候选人都做过的事,拒绝退还税款,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax figures, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并公开他的纳税数字,”她告诉民众。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对极低的税额只支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very few taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普向极少的税额支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very small taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,特朗普在20世纪90年代向非常小的税额支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very low taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,特朗普在20世纪90年代对非常低的税额支付了零税,纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very minor taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,特朗普在20世纪90年代向非常轻微的税收支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very high taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,特朗普在20世纪90年代向高额税收支付了零税,纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
联邦税率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
Federal tax rates have come an issue in the presidential election.
在总统选举中,联邦税率已成为一个问题。
Federal tax rates have emerge an issue in the presidential election.
在总统选举中出现了联邦税率问题。
Federal tax rates have rise an issue in the presidential election.
联邦税率在总统选举中已经上升了.
Federal tax rates have been an issue in the presidential election.
联邦税率一直是总统选举中的一个问题。
Federal tax rates have a an issue in the presidential election.
联邦税率在总统选举中是个问题.
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton has endorsed a regulation named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的法规,该法规将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton has endorsed a law named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿批准了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的法律,该法将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton has endorsed a reform named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的改革计划,该计划将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would guarantee those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它保证那些年收入超过100万美元的人至少缴纳30%的税。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would mandate those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,规定那些每年支付100万美元以上的投资者,其税率至少为30%。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would state those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,规定那些年收入超过100万美元的人至少要缴纳30%的税。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would require those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,要求那些年收入超过100万美元的人支付至少30%的税率。
President Barack Obama also backs the proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
President Barack Obama also backs the plan.
奥巴马总统也支持这项计划。
President Barack Obama also backs the measure.
奥巴马总统也支持这一措施。
President Barack Obama also backs the bill.
奥巴马总统也支持这项法案。
President Barack Obama also backs the project.
奥巴马总统也支持这个项目。
President Barack Obama also backs this proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway大企业主所在地巴菲特(Buffett)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
At a Clinton rally last month in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上个月,在尼布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha),巴菲特(Berkshire Hathaway Communerated)的伯克希尔?哈撒韦(Bathaway)联合企业所在地——巴菲特(Buffett)的克林顿集会上,他挑战特朗普(Trump)开会和交换纳税申报。
At a Clinton rally last night in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
在昨晚内布拉斯加州奥马哈的克林顿集会上,巴菲特(Berkshire Hathaway Communerate)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
At a Clinton rally last Sunday in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周日在内布拉斯加州奥马哈举行的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway公司所在地的巴菲特挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
At a Clinton rally last July in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
去年7月,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha),伯克希尔?哈撒韦(Berkshire Hathaway)大企业主巴菲特(Buffett)的克林顿集会上,他挑战特朗普开会和交换税收。
At a Clinton rally last October in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
去年10月,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)举行的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway大企业主所在地巴菲特(Buffett)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了从2007年开始的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going up to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了截至2007年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns dating back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了可追溯到2007年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns running back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动从2007年起就公布了纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns ranging back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动早在2007年就公布了纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns dated back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了早在2007年的纳税申报表。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40. 5%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 35. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为35. 5%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 36. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为36. 5%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 41. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为41. 5%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 32. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为32. 5%。
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与大多数美国人不同, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike many Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿总统的2015年回归表明, 与许多美国人不同, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike half Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与一半美国人不同, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, like most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 和大多数美国人一样, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, as most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 作为大多数美国人, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, for most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 对大多数美国人来说, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their primary investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their principal investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their total investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的投资总额为一个低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their stock investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的股票投资是一个低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿银行报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their only investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们唯一的投资是低成本指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
凯文·拉博的补充报告;乔纳森·奥蒂斯的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jason Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Jason Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Stephen Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Stephen Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Michael Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Michael Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Todd Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Todd Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jeffrey Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Jeffrey Oatis的编辑
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后的阿拉伯"-RT新闻"要求
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial codes after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后的阿拉伯"-RT新闻"要求
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial Code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店拆除以色列拨号码后,阿拉伯"要求"RT新闻
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for blocking Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店阻止以色列拨号后阿拉伯"-RT新闻"的要求
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for cutting Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店在以色列“阿拉伯”要求“RT新闻”之后删除了以色列拨号代码
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for forcing Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店强迫以色列按阿拉伯要求拨号“RT新闻”
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israeli's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not listed Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号密码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not give Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有给以色列拨号代码,而员工引用了阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not listing Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工引用了阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not provide Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有提供以色列的拨号代码,他向员工援引阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者克劳德·兰兹曼在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者克劳德·兰茨曼在柏林的肯宾斯基布里斯托尔酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,他在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者克劳德·兰兹曼在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,他在德国FZ餐厅写了一封公开信。
During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最近的逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his recently stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最近逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his previous stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在上次逗留期间,Lanzmann试图在酒店提供的拨号单上找到以色列。
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最后一次逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his late stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他晚间逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号单上找到以色列。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到这个国家。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one could call directly from the room.
但是,在那些可以直接从房间打电话的国家中,没有提到这个国家。
The country however was not mentioned amongst the states one can call directly from the room.
但是,在人们可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到这个国家。
The country however was not mentioned of the states one can call directly from the room.
但是,没有提到国家可以直接从房间打电话。
The country however was not mentioned among the countries one can call directly from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的国家中,没有提到该国。
The country however was not mentioned among the state one can call directly from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的国家中,没有提到这个国家。
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2015 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2015年,在新德国首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2017 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2017年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2014 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2014年,在新德国首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2018 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2018年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was dismantled and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国首都柏林,以色列如何才能被拆除和根除?
Lanzmann wrote.
兰兹曼写道。
Lanzmann writes.
兰兹曼写道。
Lanzmann commented.
兰茨曼评论说。
Lanzmann reported.
Lanzmann报告。
Lanzmann said.
兰兹曼说。
Lanzmann was.
兰兹曼是。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to call Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心给以色列打电话的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to phone Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心给以色列打电话的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to telephone Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心给以色列打电话的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to ring Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个机会,通过自己的呼叫中心来与以色列联络。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to reach Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心到达以色列的机会。
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上谈到了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmakers addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 电影制片人在酒店的招待会上讨论了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the film addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释,这部影片在酒店的招待会上讨论了这个问题。
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker discussed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上讨论了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker raised the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上提出了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker posed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上提出了这个问题.
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 使他感到震惊. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " stunned him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 使他惊呆了. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " froze him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道: “ 冻结他. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked me. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 震惊我. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked it. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 震惊了它. ”
The answer he received there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked him. "
他在那里得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 使他感到震惊. ”
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“肯宾斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定”。
The hotel's clerk said that the measure is " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“肯宾斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定”。
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the decision triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
这一决定背后的原因引发了这位电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmakers.
此举背后的原因更激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the film.
幕后原因引发了更多愤怒的影片。
The reason behind the move sparked even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了这位电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move prompted even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be removed, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说:“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求撤除以色列密码。”
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the official was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼引用这位官员的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the administrator was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的代码,”兰兹曼援引管理员的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the engineer was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的代码,”兰兹曼引用工程师的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the operator was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的代码,”兰兹曼引用了操作员的话说。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(Yakov Hadas-Handelsman)称这起事件“非常可惜”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great embarrassment, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(YakovHadasHandelsman)称这起事件“非常尴尬”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman named the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(YakovHadasHandelsman)将这起事件命名为“非常耻辱”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman calls the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(YakovHadasHandelsman)称,这起事件“非常可惜”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman accused the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼指责这起事件“令人非常羞愧”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman asked the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(Yakov Hadas-Handelsman)向这起事件提出了“非常耻辱”的记者Suddeutsche Zeitung的报导。
We were appalled and shocked by the incident.
那件事使我们感到震惊和震惊.
of were appalled and shocked by the incident.
这一事件使我感到震惊和震惊。
to were appalled and shocked by the incident.
对这一事件感到震惊和震惊。
the were appalled and shocked by the incident.
那件事惊慌失措。
in were appalled and shocked by the incident.
这件事使我感到震惊和震惊。
and were appalled and shocked by the incident.
并且对这一事件感到震惊和震惊。
It is in itself a great shame.
这本身就是一个极大的耻辱.
It is in themselves a great shame.
这本身就是一个极大的耻辱.
It is in itself a terrible shame.
这本身就是一种可怕的耻辱.
It is in itself a deep shame.
这本身就是一种深深的愧疚.
It is in itself a much shame.
这本身就是一种耻辱.
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
发生在德国和那个连锁酒店的事实,更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotels chain, is an even greater disgrace.
发生在德国以及在那条连锁旅馆里的事实,更是令人丢脸了。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very resort chain, is an even greater disgrace.
在德国和在那个度假胜地的连锁店里,这更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very Hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
在德国和在那个酒店连锁店里,这更让人丢脸了。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel group, is an even greater disgrace.
事实上,它发生在德国,也发生在那个酒店集团,更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel family, is an even greater disgrace.
发生在德国,也就是在那个酒店里,这更是耻辱。
That needs no explanation.
这不需要解释。
and needs no explanation.
不需要解释。
the needs no explanation.
不需要解释。
in needs no explanation.
无须解释。
of needs no explanation.
不需要解释。
to needs no explanation.
不需要解释。
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们期望酒店得出正确的结论。
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the officials said.
我们期望酒店得出正确的结论。
We expect that the hotel draws the correct conclusions, " the official said.
我们期望酒店得出正确的结论。
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusion, " the official said.
我们期望酒店得出正确的结论。
We hope that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们希望酒店得出正确的结论。
We believe that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们认为酒店得出正确的结论。
The incident triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引发了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident triggered quite a response internet, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件引发了相当强烈的互联网反应,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident sparked quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引起了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident created quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引起了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident caused quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引起了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident raised quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引起了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 阿拉伯客户的所谓要求.
the alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
据称,Kempinski酒店只是"屈服于"阿拉伯客户的所谓要求。
to alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
声称Kempinski酒店只是"屈服于"阿拉伯客户的所谓要求。
of alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
称Kempinski酒店“屈服于”阿拉伯客户的所谓要求。
and alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
并声称Kempinski酒店只是“屈服于”阿拉伯客户所谓的要求。
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic patrons.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 阿拉伯语赞助商的所谓要求.
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店位于高贵的Kurfurstandam街,就在一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, mentioning out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子说道,提到那家酒店,坐落在高贵的Kurfurstandam街上,矗立在犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, adding out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子说道,并补充道,那家位于高贵的库尔弗斯丹达姆街的酒店就在一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, complaining out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子说,抱怨说那家位于高贵的库尔弗斯丹达姆街的旅馆就在一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, calling out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子说道,“那家酒店坐落在高贵的库尔弗斯丹达姆街上,站在一个犹太教堂附近。”
" Shame on you, " another post stated, noting out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店坐落在高贵的库尔弗斯丹德姆街附近一个犹太教堂附近。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店自己也迅速排除了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to shrug off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
皮盖尔(DerSpiegel)的报导称,酒店自己也立刻耸了耸肩,不理会任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to toss off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
皮盖尔(DerSpiegel)的报导称,酒店本身也迅速放弃了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, describing what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
皮盖尔(DerSpiegel)的报导称,酒店自己也很快摆脱了任何指责,描述了所发生的“疏忽”和“向兰兹曼道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, saying what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
皮盖尔(DerSpiegel)的报导称,酒店本身也迅速避免了任何指责,对兰兹曼说了一句“疏忽”和“道歉”。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to add Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列加到快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to list Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列列在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to target Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“在快速拨号名单上从未有不针对以色列的直接命令”,SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to join Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不加入以色列快速拨号名单,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a specific order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有一个具体的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
It adds that the code was now added.
它还说,现在添加了代码。
It comments that the code was now added.
它评论说,现在添加了代码。
It writes that the code was now added.
它写道,现在添加了代码。
It states that the code was now added.
它指出,现在添加了代码。
It mentions that the code was now added.
它提到现在添加了代码。
It remarks that the code was now added.
它指出,现在添加了代码。
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
警察使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian student
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian Students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Portuguese students
警察使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的葡萄牙学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Malaysian students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的马来西亚学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazil students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的巴西学生
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday after they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的警察与学生发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday U they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗与警方发生冲突,学生们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday a they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警方发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazil city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Friday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
上周五,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas in rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察用橡皮子弹对示威者使用催泪弹。
Police used tear gas a rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹。
Police used tear gas c rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹。
Police used tear gas the rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察用橡皮子弹对示威者使用催泪瓦斯。
Police used tear gas of rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了橡皮子弹的催泪弹。
The trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了问题。
The trouble started after law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,这引发了问题。
The trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, a led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了问题。
The violence started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了暴力。
The conflict started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
冲突开始时,执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯。
The situation started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了这种情况。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several thousand students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数千名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several thousands students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数千名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several 000 students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数千名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several million students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数以百万计的学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several 300 students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
有300名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明的提议,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以省钱。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 200 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议,仅低于200所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以便省钱。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 150 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明的提议,仅低于150所公立学校将关闭,30万名学生将搬迁,以省钱。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 300 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议,将关闭近300所公立学校,并重新安置30万名学生,以省钱。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 400 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议,将关闭近400所公立学校,30万名学生将搬迁,以便省钱。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Jean Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统让·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Bertrand Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统伯特兰·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Georges Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统乔治·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Pierre Temer.
有些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦,反对临时总统皮埃尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Claude Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统克劳德·泰默。
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫(Dilma Rousseff)。
This last protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫(Dilma Rousseff)。
This 2015 protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
这次2015年的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集在街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫几天后发生的。
This March protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
3月的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集到街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫几天后发生的。
This 2016 protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
这次2016年的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集在街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫几天后举行的。
This 2017 protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
这次2017年的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集在街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫几天后发生的。
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold
当英国人抢夺赛车黄金时,苏格兰的卡伦·斯金纳暴风雨归来
Scot Callum Skinner bursts home as Brits grab cycling gold
斯考特·卡伦·斯金纳在英国人抢夺赛车黄金时冲回家
Scot Callum Skinner crashes home as Brits grab cycling gold
斯考特·卡伦·斯金纳在英国人抢夺赛车黄金时回家
Scot Callum Skinner heads home as Brits grab cycling gold
当英国人抢夺赛车金牌时,斯金斯·斯金纳夺回了家
Scot Callum Skinner pulls home as Brits grab cycling gold
当英国人抢夺赛车金牌时,斯金纳拉了回来
Scot Callum Skinner runs home as Brits grab cycling gold
斯考特·卡伦·斯金纳在英国人抢夺自行车黄金时跑回家
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
苏格兰选手斯金纳(Callum Skinner)昨夜在里约赛场的男子短跑赛中夺冠。
Scotland's Callum Watson raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
苏格兰的卡伦·沃森昨晚在里约赛场的男子短跑赛中奋力夺冠,英国球队从2012年伦敦为冠军。
Scotland's Callum Smith raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
昨夜,苏格兰的加仑史密斯队在里约赛场的男子短跑赛中夺冠,英国队的三重赛在2012年伦敦为冠军进行角逐。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为这个传奇感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New NZ outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新泽西州受人青睐的服装时,为传奇而自豪。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy gave his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
那位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士的主角,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装时,为自己的传奇感到自豪。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他的6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years before to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他的6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years after to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
四年后,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他的6枚金牌中的第5枚。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years on to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
由于霍伊夺得了他的六个奥运金牌中的第五个,英国宣布四年后以令人震惊的胜利夺冠。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years since to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年后,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy won the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他的6枚金牌中的第5枚。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track European Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦铁道欧洲锦标赛的第六场比赛。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly seventh at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第七场比赛。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly fifth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第五场比赛。
And they repeated the trick when finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
And they repeated the trick with finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦铁道世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代专业的起步者Jamie Staff。
The issue between Beijing and London was signing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题是签约专业起步者杰米·斯塔夫(Jamie Staff).
The issue between Beijing and London was using specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题是专家初学者杰米·斯塔夫(Jamie Staff)。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacement specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题是更换专家Jamie Staff.
The issue between Beijing and London was starting specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题,正开始由专家开始,杰米·斯塔夫(Jamie Staff).
The issue between Beijing and London was selection specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题是甄选专家Jamie Staff.
They did so just in time as Hindes emerged.
正当辛德斯出现的时候,他们正好这样做了。
They did it just in time as Hindes emerged.
正当辛德斯出现的时候,他们正好这样做了。
They did just just in time as Hindes emerged.
正当辛德斯出现的时候,他们正好赶上了。
They did so just in time as Hindes appeared.
辛德斯一出现,他们就及时这样做了。
They did so just in time as Hindes entered.
当辛德斯进来时,他们刚好这样做了。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个真空,基安·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿也试图填补这个真空。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Chris Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个空白,基安埃马迪和克伦普顿都试图填补这个空白。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Phil Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个空白,可安·埃马迪和菲尔·克汉普顿也试图填补这个空白。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Scott Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个真空,让凯恩·埃马迪和斯科特·克汉普顿试图填补。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Kevin Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个空白,基安·埃马迪和凯文·克汉普顿也试图填补这个空白。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Greg Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个空白,让凯恩·埃玛迪和格雷格·克汉普顿试图填补。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaching stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's coach stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练,他看到苏格兰的潜力已经实现。
Skinner was the man Britain's teams stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国球队的追随者,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's players stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国球员的追随者,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's tries stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国人努力追求的对象,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而这种潜力现在已经实现了。
Hindes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运赛程,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-winners with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
肯尼在四年前赢得了霍伊(Hoy),斯金纳(Skinner)创下了奥运预赛纪录,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-champion with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
肯尼·坎皮恩(Kenny-Champion)和霍伊(Hoy)4年前的辛德斯(Kenny-Champion)和斯金纳(Skinner)创下了奥运预选赛的纪录,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-finalists with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的决赛选手斯金纳(Hoy Kennie)和斯金纳(Skinner)创下了奥运预选赛的纪录,但在第一轮比赛中,新西兰超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-runners with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的赛跑对手辛德斯和斯金纳创下了奥运赛程,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-medalist with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼(Kenny)和霍伊(Hoy)的医学家辛德斯(Kennie Medalist)和斯金纳(Skinner)创下了奥运参赛纪录,但在第一轮比赛中,新西兰超越了标准。
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
英国的三重奏赢得了对金的决斗.
And the British three won the duel for gold.
英国人三个赢得了金牌决斗.
And the British Trio won the duel for gold.
英国的三重奏赢得了金牌决斗.
And the British trio won the duel for silver.
英国的三重奏赢得了对银的决斗.
And the British trio won the duel for bronze.
英国的三驾马车赢得了铜决赛.
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner kept on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳继续往前走。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner retained on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳留在了球场上。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner maintained on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后很远,但是肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳在后面继续。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner stayed on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳留在了球场上。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner led on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后很远,但肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳领先。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of gear was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
变换齿轮是变换中的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的齿轮慢下来,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of harness was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
换一条马具是这种转变的一大部分,因为辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particularly, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车来拖慢他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上步伐。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a larger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a smaller gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
策略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着一个更小的齿轮慢下来,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们看到了他。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and got the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们睁开了眼睛。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and attracted the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他吸引了大家的目光。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and gained the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯登上讲台时,他引起了他们的注意。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and took the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯登上领奖台时,他们看到了他的眼睛。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and won the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他赢得了大家的目光。
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23岁的斯金纳说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
The 23-year-d Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23岁的斯金纳说:“这真是一个恭维的比喻。”
The 23-year-injured Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23年受伤的斯金纳说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
The 23-year-level Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23年级的斯金纳说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
The 23-year-arrested Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23年被捕的斯金纳说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
I'm just out there to do my best and make a name for myself.
我只是出去尽力为自己取个名字。
I'm just out there to do my best and make a reputation for myself.
我只是出去尽我所能,为自己树立一个声誉。
I'm just out there to do my best and make a mark for myself.
我正想尽我所能为自己打个分数。
I'm just out there to do my best and make a career for myself.
我只是出去尽我所能,为自己谋职业。
I'm just out there to do my best and build a name for myself.
我正想尽我所能为自己建个名字。
I'm just out there to do my best and start a name for myself.
我正想尽我所能为自己起个名字。
We set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中创下了奥林匹克纪录,并击败了世界冠军.
and set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
并在决赛中创下奥运纪录,并击败世界冠军。
the set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
在决赛中创下奥林匹克纪录,战胜了世界冠军。
a set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
创下决赛的奥运纪录,击败了世界冠军。
in set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
在决赛中创下奥运纪录,并击败世界冠军。
of set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
在决赛中创下奥运纪录,并击败世界冠军。
It was just incredible.
简直难以置信。
It was just amazing.
简直太神奇了。
the was just incredible.
简直难以置信。
in was just incredible.
简直难以置信。
to was just incredible.
简直难以置信。
I was just incredible.
我简直难以置信。
There's no better way to win it.
没有比赢得胜利更好的办法了。
There's no better way to win this.
没有更好的办法赢得这场比赛了。
There's no better way to get it.
没有更好的办法了。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳上赛道。
After triumphing at London 2013 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2013年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在一场糟糕的比赛后,他有意跳上赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a weak start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认自己在开始疲软之后故意跌入了赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a slow start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在缓慢的开始之后,他有意跳上赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a strong start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在经历了一个强劲的开端后,他有意跳上赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a fast start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在快速启动后故意跌入赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a form start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在球队开始阶段,他有意跳上赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a dry start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在一场干燥的比赛后,他有意跳上赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a last start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在最后一次开赛后故意掉进赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a semi start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在半开场后故意掉进赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a qualifying start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在资格赛开始后故意进入赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately collapsing to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳下赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately sliding to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在开局不佳后故意滑向赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately fell to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在一次糟糕的开始之后,他有意跌入了赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately fall to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跌入赛场。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately collapsed to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在一场糟糕的比赛后,他有意跳下赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately fallen to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他故意跌入了赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately going to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意走上了轨道。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately retiring to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意退出了赛场。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately Falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在一场糟糕的比赛后,他有意跌入赛场。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falls to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认在开局不佳之后故意跌入了赛道。
in triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年的伦敦,辛德斯和肯尼和霍伊一起赢得了胜利,他承认在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他故意掉进了赛道。
a triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年的伦敦,辛德斯和肯尼和霍伊一起赢得了胜利,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳上赛道。
and triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年的伦敦,辛德斯和肯尼和霍伊一起取得了胜利,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳上赛道。
to triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年的伦敦,辛德斯和肯尼和霍伊一起赢得了胜利,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳上赛道。
the triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得的胜利中,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他故意跌入了赛道。
of triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年的伦敦,辛德斯和肯尼和霍伊一起赢得了胜利,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳上赛道。
He later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
他后来收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
and later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来撤回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
the later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后者收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
a later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来又收回了这一评论,英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
of later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来撤回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
to later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来撤回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
There was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题.
There was no such problem this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题.
There was no such issues this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题。
There was no such question this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题.
There was no such matter this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的事发生.
There was no such concern this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一场最高胜利中,没有这种担心.
Hindes said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Hindes admitted : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯承认: “ 它感觉像伦敦, 展厅里还有所有的英国国旗. ”
Hindes described : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯描述道: “ 它感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Hindes added : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯补充道: “ 它感觉像伦敦, 展厅里还有所有的英国国旗. ”
Hindes joined : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯也说: “ 它感觉像伦敦, 展厅里放满了英国国旗. ”
Hindes assistant : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
后援员: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里都悬挂着英国国旗. ”
Hindes manager : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯经理: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里还有所有的英国国旗. ”
We all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,我们作为一个团队走到了一起.
and all as a team came together in the last three months.
而在过去的三个月里,所有的球队都齐聚一堂。
the all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,大家都像一个球队一样聚到了一起。
of all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,作为一个团队,所有的人都聚集在一起了。
a all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,作为一个团队,大家聚到了一起。
in all as a team came together in the last three months.
总的来说,在过去的三个月里,球队是齐聚一堂的。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会是令人惊叹的。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just incredible.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会简直难以置信。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just extraordinary.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,因此再次赢得奥运会是非同寻常的。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just exciting.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会是令人兴奋的。
We've been losing out on so many world championships, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
我们一直输掉这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会真是令人惊叹。
We've been losing out on so many world title, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会是令人惊叹的。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场比赛,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦赢得10个田径冠军中的7个。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won 7 out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场盛会,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦的10个田径比赛中,赢得了7个。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么,5天的胜利即将来临。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successfully five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么,5天的胜利即将来临。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a competitive five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么,5天的比赛就要开始了。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a best five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么最好的五天就等着了。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a winning five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去5个月进展的晴雨表,那么5天的胜利就要到来。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a final five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么最后五天的形势就等着了。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic Golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚奥运金牌的壮举。
With the form Kenny exhibited, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
随着肯尼展示的这种形式,想像他重复霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举并非不可能。
With the form Kenny displayed, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
随着肯尼展示的外形,想像他重复霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举并非不可能。
With the form Kenny proved, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所证明的形式,不至于想像他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举。
With the form Kenny demonstrating, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
在肯尼的表演中,想像他重复霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举并非不可能。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Barry Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和巴里·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Richard Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和理查德·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Alan Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和艾伦·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Bob Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和鲍勃·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Michael Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和迈克尔·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would be the same as Hoy's.
那和海的一样。
the would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
in would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
of would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
a would be the same as Hoy's.
A 和Hoy的一样。
to would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼接下来参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
Kenny then competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
然后肯尼参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
Kenny first competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼首次参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
Kenny last competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼最后一次参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
Kenny begins competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼开始参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
Kenny starts competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼开始参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just loving this one for now.
博尔顿28岁的男孩说:"我现在只爱这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just liking this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在只喜欢这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just watching this one for now.
博尔顿28岁的男孩说:"我眼下只看这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just playing this one for now.
博尔顿28岁的男孩说:"我现在只是演奏这个曲子而已。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just in this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在还在这行。
The team event is always the best.
团队活动总是最好的。
The team event is always the strongest.
团队活动总是最强的。
The team events is always the best.
团队活动总是最好的。
You get to win it with your mates.
你可以跟你的伴侣们赢。
You get to get it with your mates.
你可以跟你的伴侣一起得到它。
You get to win it with your friends.
你可以和朋友一起赢。
You get to win it with your partners.
你可以和你的搭档一起赢得比赛。
It's a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,自己赢得胜利是有点孤单的.
It's a bit tough winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,自己赢得胜利有点困难。
It's a bit scary winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,自己赢得胜利有点可怕。
It's a bit hard winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,单靠自己赢得胜利是有点困难的。
It's a bit easy winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,单靠自己就很容易获胜。
It's a bit fun winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,靠自己赢得胜利是很有趣的。
Hindes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
辛德斯说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士头衔. ”
Hindes said : " If he wins another two gold medal, he should get a knighthood. "
辛德斯说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士资格. ”
It was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一次奖牌赛,但是对英国来说,还有更多的好消息。
It was the day's only medals event, but there was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的奖牌赛,但是对英国来说,还有更多的好消息。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain aull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和奥瓦恩·奥威尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain theull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和奥瓦恩·提乌尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中得分最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain anull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和奥瓦恩·阿诺尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中得分最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain andull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和奥文·威尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain ofull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和奥瓦恩·奥瓦恩在四人四公里长的追逐赛中得分最快。
They finished in 3 : 51. 943.
他们在3:51,943.
They qualified in 3 : 51. 943.
他们在3:51,943.
They ran in 3 : 51. 943.
他们在3点51分943分跑.
They specialized in 3 : 51. 943.
他们的专业是3: 51,943.
to finished in 3 : 51. 943.
完成于3:51。943。
and finished in 3 : 51. 943.
完成于3:51。943。
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年伦敦金牌世界纪录, 创下3: 51.659.
The world record, set in finishing gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 在伦敦完成黄金交易, 创下3: 51,659.
The world record, set in running gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年伦敦黄金运行世界纪录的3: 51,659.
The first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 发生在今天的第二日行动, 维金斯肯定会成为焦点.
The first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on tomorrow's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 将在明天的第二天行动, 维金斯无疑是焦点.
The first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take scheduled on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 将安排在今天的第二天行动, 维金斯肯定会成为焦点.
The first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take action on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 对今天的第二天行动采取行动, 维金斯肯定会成为焦点.
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a disagreement with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前对警署有异议,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials called him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前与警署发生了争执,当时官员叫他来测量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials sent him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前与警署发生了争执,当时官员派他去测量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials ordered him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生了争执,当时官员命令他测量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials asked him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格考试之前与警署发生了争执,当时官员要求他测量他的身高。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的女子节上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Williamson and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·威廉森和密伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等,在明天的续会和闭幕式上,以创世界纪录的速度向前推进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Campbell and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·坎贝尔和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,在世界纪录的时间内取得了进步,时钟为13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Watson and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·沃森和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Smith and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·史密斯和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Johnstone and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·约翰斯通和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等,在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女节上,世界纪录在前列,时钟:13.260。
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经靠强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the last period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经靠强大的赛道自行车队来拥有奥运会的最后一个赛期,并颁发了一大块奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on its formidable track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经依靠其强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on its superb track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英超自行车队开始依靠其优秀的赛道自行车队,在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on its powerful track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经依靠强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on its strong track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国奥组委已经依靠强大的赛道自行车队,在奥运会的中段时间拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 里约 会议 的 筹备 工作 的 期望 已经 下降 了 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the leading-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 里约 会议 的 期望 已经 下降 了 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the run-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 里约 的 期望 已经 下降 了 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the push-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 力拓 的 期待 被 压低 了 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the wake-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 在 里约 会议 的 后续 行动 中 已经 淡化 了 人们 的 期望 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the draw-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 里约 赛事 的 期望 被 淡化 了 。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为有性别歧视和欺凌的指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Harrison.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为存在性别歧视和欺凌指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Harrison这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Smith.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为有性别歧视和欺凌的指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Smith这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Jackson.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为有性别歧视和欺凌的指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Jackson这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Rebecca Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为有性别歧视和欺凌的指控,还有像Hoy和Rebecca Pentleton这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Heather Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为存在性别歧视和欺凌指控,还有像Hoy和Heather Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for starting at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间开赛的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for placing at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for scoring at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首个晚上的比赛证据来看,英国广播公司现在以在最佳时间进球而闻名的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for finishing at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首个晚上的赛跑证据来看,现在英国广播公司在完美时间完成的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for winning at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首个晚上的赛跑证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛季获胜的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
小宝宝来到这个世界后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible throughout his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
小宝宝来到这个世界之后,爸爸妈妈要对他整个一生负责,不仅是为了他的健康,也是为了他的精神发展,也就是教育。
After the little baby came to our world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
小宝宝来到我们世界后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
After the little baby came to the world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
小宝宝来到世界后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of career and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补事业和家庭失败的缺点。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of family and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补家庭和家庭失败的缺点。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot do up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot earn up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot achieve up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法克服生活和家庭失败的缺点。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
And duty is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
And care is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
关心不仅表现在对身体的关怀上,使他们健康,还表现在对精神的教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
And responsibilities is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making themselves healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the instruction of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对精神的教导上,即让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and strengthen intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and increase intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增加智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and improve intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,提高智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and promote intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,提高智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and reinforce intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Parents'words and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ". Your son will be the same as you.
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
Parents'words and deeds will influence the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ". Your son will be the same as you.
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
因此,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的角色,这间接地会帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他变得更优秀。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that his will become more excellent.
因此,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的性格,这间接地帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀性格,使他的意志变得更加优秀。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that they will become more excellent.
因此,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的性格,这能间接帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他们变得更优秀。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that one will become more excellent.
因此,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的性格,这能间接帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,让自己变得更优秀。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that someone will become more excellent.
因此,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的性格,这能间接帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀性格,让别人变得更优秀。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children define their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
因此,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的角色,这间接地帮助孩子定义自己的优秀品质,使他变得更优秀。
Amy is a smart and pretty girl.
艾美是个聪明漂亮的女孩.
Amy is a smart and cute girl.
艾美是个聪明可爱的女孩.
in is a smart and pretty girl.
一个聪明漂亮的女孩。
the is a smart and pretty girl.
这个女孩又聪明又漂亮。
and is a smart and pretty girl.
一个聪明漂亮的女孩。
of is a smart and pretty girl.
一个聪明漂亮的女孩。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite easily.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,此外,她还可以很容易地适应环境。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adjusts to the environment quite well.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environments quite well.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
But Amy has a little secret in her heart : she cannot concentrate long on what she wants to do and works on.
但是艾美心里有一个小秘密:她不能把注意力集中在她想做的事和工作上。
But Amy has a little secret in her heart : she cannot focus long on what she wants to do and works on.
但是艾美心里有一个小秘密:她不能长久地专注于她想要做的事情和工作。
But Amy has a little secret in her heart : she cannot think long on what she wants to do and works on.
但是艾美心里有一个小秘密:她不能长久地思考她想做什么和做些什么。
But she has a little secret in her heart : she cannot concentrate long on what she wants to do and works on.
但她心里有一个小秘密:她不能把注意力集中在她想做的事和工作上。
But her has a little secret in her heart : she cannot concentrate long on what she wants to do and works on.
但她心里有一个小秘密:她不能长久地专注于她想做的事和工作。
But She has a little secret in her heart : she cannot concentrate long on what she wants to do and works on.
但她心里有一个小秘密:她不能把注意力集中在她想做的事和工作上。
This secret is accompanied by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.
这个秘密由艾美长期陪同, 通常问题并不严重.
This secret is followed by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.
艾美一直遵循这个秘密, 通常问题并不严重.
This secret is preserved by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.
这个秘密被艾米保存了很长时间, 通常问题并不严重.
This secret is pursued by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.
Amy对这个秘密追问了很长时间, 通常问题并不严重.
This secret is covered by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.
这个秘密艾美有很长时间了, 通常问题并不严重.
This secret is carried by Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not serious.
这个秘密由艾米长期掌握, 通常问题并不严重.
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散,模块化,她可以基本上完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, autonomous, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散,自治,她可以基本上完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, mobile, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散,移动,她可以基本上完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, central, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散,中心,她可以基本上完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, separate, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散,分离,她可以基本上完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, distributed, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散,分布,她基本上能够完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
However, when the task is heavy and demanding, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务繁重和要求很高时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
However, when the task is heavy and difficult, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务沉重而困难时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
However, when the task is heavy and pushing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务沉重和推动,艾美感觉非常痛苦和折磨。
However, when the task is heavy and lifting, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务繁重而繁重时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy is very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美非常痛苦和折磨。
and, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
the, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
to, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
至于,当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
in, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
of, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露的抗拒及其情感体验是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experiences is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露的抗拒及其情感体验是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional exposure is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露和情绪暴露的抗拒是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
And some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
and some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
the some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
to some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
对一些行为学家来说,心理学家认为阻抗是个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
of some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为学家的心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
And many behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
许多行为心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the way to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她通过呼吸来冷静下来,感觉到痛苦。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the time to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她通过呼吸来冷静下来,感觉到痛苦。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the air to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她在空气中呼吸以镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the trying to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她喘口气,试着平静下来,感觉到痛苦。
I had to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the way to calm down and feel the torment.
我不得不让艾美做一次锻炼,让她通过呼吸来冷静下来,感觉到痛苦。
And once he left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
一旦他摆脱了困境,她觉得很放松,恢复了自由。
And when he left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
当他离开那个被困的境地时,她感到放松并重获自由。
And after he left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
在他离开困境后,她感到放松并重获自由。
And with he left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
随着他摆脱了困境,她感到放松并重获自由。
And Once he left the trapped situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
一旦他摆脱了困境,她觉得很放松,恢复了自由。
And once he left the confined situation, she felt relaxed and regained freedom.
而一旦他离开那封闭的境地,她感到放松了,重新获得了自由。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉肖在饮酒后发生了争执,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死肖。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a disagreement after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉小饮酒后有争执,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死小肖。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a argument after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉肖在饮酒后争论了一下,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死了小肖。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a fight after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉肖在饮酒后决斗,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死肖。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and a tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和流浪汉肖饮酒后发生了争执,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死肖。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and the tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和流浪汉小喝了酒后发生了争执,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死了小肖。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩说,事发前,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷子上,两条小巷子相距只有20米。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Jin lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩说,事发前,他和流浪汉金住在东城区的一条小巷里,两条小巷相距只有20米。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Zheng lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩说,事发前,他和郑和流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷里,两条小巷相距只有20米。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Ping lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩说,事发前,他和流浪者平住在东城区的一条小巷里,两条小巷相距只有20米。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Ming lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩说,事发前,他和流浪者明住在东城区的一条小巷里,两条小巷相距只有20米。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Wei lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩说,事发前,他和流浪者魏宗东城区一条小巷内,两条小巷相距只有20米。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
韩说,在犯罪当天,两人被要求饮酒,在吃饭前后两人有争执。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disagreements during and after meal.
韩说,在今日的罪案发生时,两人被要求饮酒,二人在吃饭前后有两点分歧。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two arguments during and after meal.
韩说,在犯罪当天,两人被要求饮酒,两人在吃饭前后有两点争执。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two conflicts during and after meal.
韩说,在今日的罪案发生时,两人被要求饮酒,二人在吃饭前后有两次冲突。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two clashes during and after meal.
韩说,在犯罪当天,两人被要求饮酒,两人在吃饭前后发生了两次冲突。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two problems during and after meal.
韩说,在今日的罪案发生时,两人被要求饮酒,二人在吃饭前后有两点问题。
Han said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
韩说,他怕肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
Han said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stab him to death.
韩说,他怕小小会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
Han said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a bamboo knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
韩说,他怕肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把竹刀,刺死他。
Han said that he was afraid that Zhao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
韩说,他害怕赵会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
Han said that he was afraid that Wei may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
韩说,他怕魏可能打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
Han said that he was afraid that Ping may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
韩说,他怕平会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
At the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式总共赔偿530,000元。
At the court, the victim's family requested Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式总共赔偿530,000元。
4 years after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local traditional taxi industry.
乌伯加入台湾市场已有4年,但对台湾传统出租车行业的影响也不小。
4 years after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local Traditional taxi industry.
乌伯加入台湾市场已有4年,这对台湾传统出租车业的影响也不小。
According to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多个税务机关绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使周边地区交通严重瘫痪。
According to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the nearby area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多个税务机关绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使附近地区交通严重瘫痪。
According to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the local area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多个税务机关绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,导致当地交通严重瘫痪。
According to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the city area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多家出租车公司绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,导致城区交通严重瘫痪。
According to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the entire area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多个税务机关绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,导致整个地区交通严重瘫痪。
According to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the downtown area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多家出租车公司绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,导致市区交通严重瘫痪。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但台湾当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meetings at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Driver cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但台湾当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. People cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但台湾当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议,人们再也等不及了。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Riders cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但当局刚刚于本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,骑手已经等不及了。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Those cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但台湾当局刚刚在本月底召开会议,他们已经等不及了。
However, the government eat their words and delayed again and again.
然而, 政府食用了他们的话,一再拖延.
However, the government ate their words and delayed again and again.
然而, 政府食用了他们的话,一再拖延.
However, the government eats their words and delayed again and again.
然而,政府食用了他们的话,一再拖延。
However, the government eat their terms and delayed again and again.
然而, 政府食用了他们的条件,一再拖延.
However, the government eat their speech and delayed again and again.
然而, 政府却吃他们的演讲,一再拖延.
and, the government eat their words and delayed again and again.
而且,政府食用了他们的话,一再拖延。
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原名:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original Title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原标题:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original original : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原作:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original Content : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原始内容:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original Story : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原故事:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置两千只被检查并扣押的鸡而受罚
Original story : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原创故事:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
After the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,由于李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
After the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the duty to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,由于李没有自动履行判决决定责任,王向书阳法院申请执行。
After the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the responsibility to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,由于李没有自动履行判决决定责任,王向书阳法院申请执行。
After the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the oath to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,由于李没有自动履行判决的誓词,王向水阳法院申请执行。
of the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效,因为李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
in the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
在判决生效时,由于李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定仅没收2 000只种鸡,未经批准不得转让和出售。
On October 17, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月17日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定仅没收2 000只种鸡,未经批准不得转让和出售。
On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transfer and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定仅没收2 000只种鸡,不得擅自转让和出售。
On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferring and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定仅没收2 000只种鸡,不得擅自转让和出售。
On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be confiscated and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定仅没收所有2 000只种田鸡,不得擅自转移和出售。
On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seize and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定所有2 000只种田鸡只能被没收,不得擅自转移和出售。
After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
李在接到拘留裁决后,未经顺阳法院许可,私自卖鸡蛋部分。
After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sells partial egg laying hens.
李在接到拘留裁决后,未经顺阳法院同意,擅自私销鸡蛋部分产卵。
After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately marketed partial egg laying hens.
李在接到拘留裁决后,未经顺阳法院同意,擅自私自销售部分鸡蛋。
After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sell partial egg laying hens.
李在接到拘留裁决后,未经顺阳法院同意,擅自私自卖鸡蛋。
After Lee received the detention ruling, with the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
李在接到拘留裁决后,在顺阳法院的许可下,他私自卖了部分鸡蛋。
After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold pure egg laying hens.
李在接到拘留裁决后,未经顺阳法院许可,擅自私自卖鸡蛋。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
截至2015年3月8日,树阳县公安局进行勘查前,农场内只有142层土地。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 141 layers on the farm.
截至2015年3月8日,顺阳县公安局开展的一项调查显示,该农场内只有141层土地。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 139 layers on the farm.
截至2015年3月8日,树阳县公安局进行勘查之前,农场内只有139层土地。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 143 layers on the farm.
截至2015年3月8日,顺阳县公安局开展的一项调查显示,该农场内只有143层土地。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 144 layers on the farm.
截至2015年3月8日,顺阳县公安局进行勘查前,农场内只有144层土地。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 132 layers on the farm.
截至2015年3月8日,树阳县公安局进行勘查前,农场内只有132层土地。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,以作商业用途。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee acquired the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,称北京冬季奥运会组织委员会获得北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,用于商业目的。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee retained the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会保留北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志作商业用途。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee adopted the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会为商业目的通过了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee transferred the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组委会将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志转作商业用途。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Olympics for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和残奥会冬季组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,用于商业目的。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no person shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Olympics for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Championships for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬季奥林匹克运动会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季冬季锦标赛的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter games for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Festival for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel incapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,目前钢铁无能是一个全球性问题。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel upcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,钢铁产能的提高已成为一个全球性问题。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel subcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,钢铁产能不足已成为一个全球性问题。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel ocapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,钢铁产能目前是一个全球性的问题。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel recapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,钢铁生产能力的恢复已成为一个全球性问题。
China's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲等国家和地区。
China's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and region.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲等国家和地区。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually emerging.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决产能过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
China has undertaken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually emerging.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决产能过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually developing.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决产能过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually arriving.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决产能过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually improving.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决产能过剩问题,结果逐步改善。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the results are gradually evident.
中国已采取坚决、有效的措施解决产能过剩问题, 其结果已逐渐显现.
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Commission should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务委员会应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Secretariat should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Committee should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务委员会应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Conference should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务会议应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Bureau should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务局应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真落实,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 70 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年的粗钢生产能力要减少7000万吨。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 40 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年的粗钢生产能力要减少4000万吨。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 35 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年粗钢生产能力减少3500万吨。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 50 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年的粗钢生产能力要减少5000万吨。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 18 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年粗钢生产能力减少1800万吨。
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
从中国国情看,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to limit steel exports.
从中国国情来看,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施限制钢铁出口。
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to restrict steel exports.
从中国国情来看,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施限制钢铁出口。
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to prevent steel exports.
根据中国国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,反之,中国采取一系列切实可行的措施来防止钢铁出口。
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to regulate steel exports.
从中国国情来看,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施对钢铁出口进行规范。
From China's national conditions, China does not promote steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
根据中国国情,中国不促进钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责人强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易本质上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素之后作出的选择。
The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is basically a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责人强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素后作出的选择。
The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product costs and other factors.
负责人强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易本质上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素之后作出的选择。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,相反,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issue. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problem. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development crisis. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展危机,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the global trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,相反,只会对全球贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the solution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the remedy of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the solutions of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issue that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 正确 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handle.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 正确 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模较大,涉及企业范围甚广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It can lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业范围广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,会导致区域风险。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的加大,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分产业容量利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually diminished, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减少,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually reduced, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的加大,社会需求总量逐渐减少,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually decreased, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减少,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization reduced and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的加大,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营难度加大。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization diminished and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的加大,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营难度加大。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些 企业 无法 适应 市场 环境 的 变化, 生产 和 管理 很难 维持 甚至 处于 崩溃 的 边缘, 但 受到 一些 体制 因素 的 制约, 它们 由于 市场 的 许多 障碍 而 成为 “ 僵尸 企业 ” 。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many barriers to the market.
有些企业没有适应市场环境的变化,生产与管理难以维持甚至处于崩溃的边缘,但由于一些体制因素的限制,它们由于市场障碍重重而成为“僵尸企业”。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many challenges to the market.
有些企业没有适应市场环境的变化,生产与管理难以维持甚至处于崩溃的边缘,但由于受到一些体制因素的限制,它们由于市场面临许多挑战而成为"僵尸企业"。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many difficulties to the market.
有些企业没有适应市场环境的变化,生产和经营难以维持甚至处于崩溃的边缘,但由于一些体制因素的制约,由于市场困难重重,它们成了“僵尸企业”。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " ghost enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些 企业 无法 适应 市场 环境 的 变化, 生产 和 管理 很难 维持 甚至 处于 崩溃 的 边缘, 但 受到 一些 体制 因素 的 制约, 它们 由于 市场 的 许多 障碍 而 成为 “ 幽灵 企业 ” 。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of bankruptcy. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些 企业 没有 适应 市场 环境 的 变化, 生产 和 管理 很难 维持, 甚至 处于 破产 的 边缘, 但是 受到 一些 体制 因素 的 制约, 它们 由于 市场 的 许多 障碍 而 成为 “ 僵尸 企业 ” 。
The existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些 公司 的 存在 扭曲 了 市场 信号, 降低 了 资源 使用 效率, 增加 了 社会 管理 的 费用, 从而 妨碍 了 公平 竞争 的 市场 环境 的 建立 。
The existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use productivity, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源使用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了公平竞争的市场环境的建立。
The existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use organization, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,减少了要素资源使用组织,提高了社会管理的成本,从而阻碍了公平竞争的市场环境的建立。
The existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use economy, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,减少了要素资源使用经济,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了公平竞争的市场环境的建立。
The main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和使用率低的两难困境。
The main reasons for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和使用率低的两难困境。
The main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma facing by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和使用率低的两难困境。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国主要实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要从事对劳动者和社会稳定进行披露,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the law of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国主要采用市场机制、经济手段和法律等法律,主要从事对劳动者和社会稳定进行披露,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and economic stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国主要实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要从事向劳动者披露进出情况、实现经济稳定等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social balance, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国主要实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要从事向劳动者披露和披露情况、实现社会平衡等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social equilibrium, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国主要采用市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要从事向劳动者披露进出情况、实现社会均衡等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social prosperity, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国主要实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要从事对劳动者和社会繁荣进行披露,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the target of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保在5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objectives of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the aim of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保在5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的问题。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the goal of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保在5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
In the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住要回头看一看。
In the evening of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
本月十日晚上,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,立即引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住要回头看一看。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than a hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than the hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为三组,在红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货商店进行值班巡逻。中国旅游警察也一直跟踪考察。整个过程持续时间超过一小时。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than of hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察。整个过程持续了多小时。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than in hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续时间超过一小时。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Tu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为三组,在红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古都百货商店值勤巡逻。中国旅游警察亦跟进调查。整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Female police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女警官刘希妮20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Female police officer Liu Xi Song is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女警官刘习松20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Female police officer Liu Xi Ying is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女警官刘习英20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Female police officer Liu Xi Yao is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女警官刘习瑶20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Female police officer Liu Xi Ping is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女警官刘习平20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Female police officer Liu Xi Ming is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女警官刘习明20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,不时与她交流。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with him from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,不时与他联系。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with them from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯对应方的每一个言行,不时与他们交流。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her at time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,并时不时与她联系。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her on time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,并准时与她联系。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her in time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,并及时与她进行了沟通。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with fluent Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用流利的西班牙语向他解释,这使王兵印象深刻。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with fluent Spanish, who impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用流利的西班牙语向他解释,王兵给他留下了深刻的印象。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel policemen explained to him with fluent Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅行警察用流利的西班牙语向他解释,这使王兵印象深刻。
" Every Moscow travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅行警察都精通外语,有些人甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了很深的印象。”
" Every Moscow travel policeman master foreign language, and they even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅行警察都精通外语,他们甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了很深的印象。”
" Every Moscow travel policeman master foreign language, and few even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅行警察都精通外语,几乎没有人能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
" Every Moscow travel policeman master foreign language, and you even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅行警察都精通外语,你甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
" Every Russian travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个俄罗斯旅行警察都精通外语,有些人甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
" Every new travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每位新来的旅游警察都精通外语,有些人甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了很深的印象。”
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attract international tourists. We hope to improve their ability to match the status of international tourism island. "
作为国际旅游岛国,海南正逐渐重视吸引国际旅游者,希望能提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attract international tourists. We plan to improve their ability to match the status of international tourism island. "
“海南作为一个国际旅游岛国,正逐渐重视吸引国际旅游者,我们计划提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。”
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attract international tourists. We hope to improve their ability to meet the status of international tourism island. "
作为国际旅游岛国,海南正逐渐重视吸引国际旅游者,希望能提高其满足国际旅游岛国地位的能力。
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attract international tourism. We hope to improve their ability to match the status of international tourism island. "
作为国际旅游岛国,海南正逐渐重视吸引国际旅游,希望能提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。
On the current day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
On the current day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian officials.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯官员联系。
" I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去俄罗斯旅游. ”
" I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Moscow. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去莫斯科旅游. ”
" I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel into Russia. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们来到俄罗斯. ”
" I often handle with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去俄罗斯旅游. ”
" Their usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常提出的问题是: 例如, 哪里是纪念碑, 哪里是出租汽车, 如何返回酒店.
" Their usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a Monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常提出的问题是:例如,纪念碑在哪里,如何出租出租车和如何返回酒店。
" Their usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a memorial, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常提出的问题是:例如,哪里是纪念碑,如何出租出租车和如何返回酒店。
" Their usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a statue, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常提出的问题是: 例如, 雕像在哪里, 如何出租出租汽车和如何返回酒店.
" Their usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a museum, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常问的问题是:例如博物馆在哪里,如何出租出租车和如何返回酒店。
" Their usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a tomb, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常提出的问题是: 例如, 坟墓在哪里, 如何出租出租汽车和如何返回酒店.
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科警方队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade sergeant of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警察中士雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境已变得越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei ofkov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警方队长雷恩科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境已变得越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei thekov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科警方队长雷特科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境已变得越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recently years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科警方队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and worse, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科警方队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it established up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it initiated up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,它于2014年7月发起了一个旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it launched up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月,政府组建了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it started up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,它于2014年7月启动了一个旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it implemented up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
At present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语.
At present, all Moscow tourist cops are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前,所有的莫斯科旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语。
At present, all Moscow tourist detectives are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游侦探都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语.
At present, all Moscow tourist police are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语.
At present, all Moscow tourist officers are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游官员都精通英语,有些人还精通西班牙语和德语.
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have three classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周3个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have four classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周有4个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and rules and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律和法规以及外语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups based to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平把他们分成9个组,每周有2个班,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police brigade divided the into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据外语水平分为9组,每周2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
" At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能说得流利,我们必须继续提高他们的汉语水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve the Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能流利地说,我们必须继续提高中国人的水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve there Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能讲一口流利的话,我们必须继续提高中国人的水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve those Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能讲一口流利的话,我们必须继续提高中国人的水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve are Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位观光警察开始学汉语,他们能流利地说,我们必须继续提高中国水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourist police beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve them Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能说得流利,我们必须继续提高他们的汉语水平,”莱萨科夫说。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来,积累了一定的经验,希望能激励三亚的同行。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to spur counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来,积累了一定的经验,希望能激励三亚的同行。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to foster counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了一定的经验,希望培养三亚的对应人员。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to strengthen counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了一定的经验,希望加强三亚的对应机构。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to create counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来,积累了一定的经验,希望能在三亚建立相应的部门。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to develop counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了一定的经验,希望发展三亚的对应部门。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄两国警方的合作将增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security feeling of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄两国警方的合作将增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security taste of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄两国警方的合作将提高两国公民对本国旅游业的安全品味。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security understanding of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄两国警方的合作将增进两国公民对本国旅游业的安全了解。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security awareness of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄警方的合作将提高两国公民对本国旅游业的安全意识。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security appreciation of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄警方的合作将提高中俄两国公民对本国旅游业的安全审美度。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration. " Chen Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察模式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色交流,给我们带来了许多启示。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Beijing tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration. " Chen Xiaokun said.
北京旅游警官的招募、警察方式和装备,以及他们与游客的优异互动,给我们带来了许多启示。
" The recruiting, police modes and equipment of Moscow tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration. " Chen Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察方式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色互动,给我们带来了许多启发。
" The recruiting, police function and equipment of Moscow tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration. " Chen Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察职能和装备,以及他们与游客的出色互动,给我们带来了许多启发。
" The recruiting, police methods and equipment of Moscow tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration. " Chen Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察手段和装备,以及他们与游客的出色交流,给我们带来了许多启示。
" The recruiting, police method and equipment of Moscow tour police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have brought us a lot of inspiration. " Chen Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察方式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色交流,给我们带来了许多启示。
Chinanews journalist found that there are at least nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等至少9个省市颁发了居留证实施细则。
Chinanews journalist found that there are at least nine province and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等省、市至少9个发放居留证。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般说,申请人需要生活六个月以上,并符合这三项要求中的一项要求:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,不断学习。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six weeks and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般都规定,申请人需住满六周以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,以及持续学习。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six years and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般都规定,申请人需生活六年以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,不断学习。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six month and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般都规定,申请人需生活六个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法稳定就业,合法稳定居住,不断学习。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residency and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般说,申请者需要生活六个月以上,并符合这三项要求中的一项要求:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,以及持续学习。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet a of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般说,申请人需要生活六个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,不断学习。
Chinanews journalist noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻记者指出,在居留证发放方面,不同城市的“黄金含量”存在差异,与国内规定相比,一些地区的公共服务和方便性都有所增加。
Chinanews journalist noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and amenitiess.
中国新闻记者指出,在居留证发放方面,不同城市的“黄金含量”存在差异,与国内规定相比,一些地区的公共服务设施也有所增加。
Chinanews journalist observed that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻记者注意到,在居留证发放方面,“黄金含量”在各城市有所不同,与国内规定相比,一些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
Chinanews journalist highlighted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻记者强调,在居留证发放方面,“黄金含量”在各城市有所不同,与国内规定相比,一些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
Chinanews journalist commented that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻记者评论说,在居留证发放方面,不同城市的“黄金含量”不同,与国内规定相比,有些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
Chinanews journalist mentioned that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻记者提到,在居留证发放方面,各城市的“黄金含量”不同,与国内规定相比,有些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区提高了儿童在满足相关要求的同时参加本地高考的便利性。
These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examinations in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区提高了儿童在满足相关要求的同时参加当地高考的便利性。
These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance exam in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区提高了儿童在满足相关要求的同时参加本地高考的便利性。
These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance test in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区提高了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性,同时满足了相关要求。
These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance exams in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区提高了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性,同时满足了相关要求。
These areas have expanded the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区在满足相关要求的同时,扩大了儿童参加本地高考的便利性。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社会开放。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and benefit, and regularly release to the community.
此外, 北京 和 其他 地方 明确 提议, 它们 应 逐步 扩大 公共 服务 和 福利 的 范围, 并 定期 向 社区 开放 。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the range of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社会开放。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the sphere of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务和便利范围,并定期向社会开放。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the coverage of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务覆盖面和方便性,并定期向社区发放。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, to regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,定期向社会开放。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利性
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and comfort of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和舒适度
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and safety of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和安全
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and security of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和安全
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and benefit of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和福利
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and life of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和生活
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起15日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 10 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起10日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 14 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起14日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 20 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起20日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 30 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起30日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 60 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起60日内颁发居留证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在15天内发放许可证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 14 days.
在限期内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在14天内发放许可证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinions with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区对全国版本持有相同的意见,即在15天内发放许可证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same decision with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区与全国版本持相同决定,即在15天内发放许可证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same agreement with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区都与国家版本持有相同的协议,即在15天内发放许可证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same approval with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区都与国家版本持有同样的批准权,即在15天内发放许可证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,对符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have completed application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,符合申请条件并填妥申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permits within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of application.
河北省明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自申请之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西省明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have completed application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西省明确规定,符合申请条件并填妥申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application papers, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西省明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documentation, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西省明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application paperwork, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西省明确规定,符合申请条件并有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application forms, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西省明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请表的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the below cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据"居留证暂行规定",以下城市明确规定,在初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the following cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,下列城市明确规定,在初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulation ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在首次申请居留证的情况下,应免缴证件生产费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional rules ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行规则》,上述城市明确规定,在首次申请居留证的情况下,应免缴证书制作费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional guidelines ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行准则》,上述城市明确规定,在首次申请居留证的情况下,应免缴证书制作费用。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
例如,四川要求当地派出所或委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或乘坐费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the specified fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
例如,四川要求当地派出所或委托社区服务机构严格执行规定的收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或乘坐费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the authorized fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
例如,四川要求当地派出所或委托社区服务机构严格执行授权收费标准,坚决禁止超额收费、超额收费或乘坐费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the established fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
例如,四川要求当地派出所或委托社区服务机构严格执行规定的收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或乘坐费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the proposed fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
例如,四川要求当地派出所或委托社区服务机构严格执行拟议收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或乘坐费。
For example, Sichuan mandated the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
例如,四川市派出所或者社区服务机构应当严格实施经批准的收费标准,坚决禁止超额收费、超额收费或者乘坐费。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, one year's probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞来到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, 1 year's probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞来到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, a year's probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞来到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Liu.
晚宴上的红酒由李优才供应,其他费用由刘承担。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Wang.
晚宴上的红酒由李优才供应,其他费用由王承担。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Zhu.
晚宴上的红酒由李优才供应,其他费用则由朱氏承担。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Li.
晚宴上的红酒由李优才供应,其他费用由李优才负担。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while the costs were borne by Liu.
宴会上的红酒由李优才供应,费用由刘承担。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while an costs were borne by Liu.
晚宴上的红酒由李友才供应,而刘翔承担了费用。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大核心规定和纪律。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight regulations and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,这违反了党的八大规程和党的纪律。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight guidelines and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大方针和纪律。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight rules and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,这违反了党的八大规则精神和党的纪律。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight norms and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,这违反了党的八大核心准则和纪律精神。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight statutes and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大章程和纪律。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
上赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄卡,他将自动被禁赛。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be suspended automatically according to the rules.
上赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄牌,他将自动根据规则被吊销。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be punished automatically according to the rules.
上个赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄牌,他会自动按规则处罚。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be ban automatically according to the rules.
上赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄牌,他将根据规则自动禁赛。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be suspension automatically according to the rules.
上赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄牌,他将自动根据规则被吊销。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be relegated automatically according to the rules.
上赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄牌,他将被自动根据规则降级。
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足总杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯.
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension into FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英超, 足球协会挑战杯 ( FA杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停进入FA杯.
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension in FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足总杯 ) 仍然通过他在足总杯的累计暂停.
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension the FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足总杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯.
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still returns his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足总杯 ) 仍然返回他累积的暂停足总杯.
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still takes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
虽然他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足总杯 ) 仍然以他的累计暂停足总杯.
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联之后的第一次比赛将在8月20日扩大到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after back to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他在回到曼联之后的第一次比赛将在8月20日扩大到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extend to Southampton's home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联之后的第一次表演将延续到8月20日的南安普敦主场比赛。
As the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
随着2014年第一轮赛的第12号新赛事的到来,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will formally land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
随着2014年第一轮赛的第12号新赛事的到来,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人的行列。
As the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will fully land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
2014年首轮比赛的第12号新赛季,萨利奇将在下赛季正式入围NBA,并加入费城76人阵营。
As the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will official land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
2014年第一轮比赛的第12号新赛季,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人阵营。
As the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will directly land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
由于2014年第一轮比赛的第12号新赛事,萨利奇将在下赛季直接登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will immediately land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
2014年第12轮新赛季,萨利奇将在下赛季登上NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
of a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
in a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
在一位年轻的欧洲球员中,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
the a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
and a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
to a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
对一位年轻的欧洲球员来说,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一刻成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last second and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一场比赛中击败了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last minute and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一分钟成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moments and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后时刻成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last minutes and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后几分钟成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last turn and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一次击败了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
Recently, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76队总司令布雷特布朗对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
Recently, Brett-Wilson, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76队总司令布雷特-威尔森对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
Recently, Brett-Smith, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76队总司令布雷特史密斯对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
Recently, Brett-White, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76队总司令布雷特怀特对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
Recently, Brett-Campbell, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76队总司令布雷特·坎贝尔对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努·吉诺比利的影子。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 76 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让76人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 77 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让77人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 57 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让57个人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 73 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让73个人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 37 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让37个人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 27 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让27个人满怀期待。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇共获得24分、17次反弹和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 16 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇共获得24分、16次篮板和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 14 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇获得24分,14次篮板和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 18 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇获得24分、18次篮板和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 15 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇共获得24分、15次反弹和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 13 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇获得24分,13次篮板和12次助攻。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在场景空间的绘制能力,他可以通过选手和同事一起在三点线外击球。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line with the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以在三点线外射一球,然后和他的同事们一起滚球。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line using the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在场景中画出空间的能力,他可以用选手和同事一起滚球的方法在三点线外射一球。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line by the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以在三点线外射一球,然后和他的同事们一起滚球。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line through the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以在三点线外射出一杆球,然后和他的同事们一起滚球。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line on the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以在三点线外拍一张照片,然后和他的同事们一起滚球。
Although the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
虽然目前76队的年轻球员中有很多天赋,但他们并没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
Although the current 77-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
尽管目前的77队球员中有许多天赋青年球员,但他们并没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
Although the current 74-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
尽管目前74队的球员中有很多天赋青年球员,但他们没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
Although the current 72-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
虽然目前72队的球员中有很多天才年轻球员,但他们并没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
Although the current 75-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
虽然目前75队的球员中有很多天赋青年球员,但他们并没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
Although the current 80-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
虽然现在的80队球员中有很多天赋青年球员,但他们并没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
从挡板射击到发射长传,快速中断和完整的助攻,只有几个内线可以在NBA游戏中完成。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assist, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
从挡板射击到发射长传,快速中断和完整的协助,只有几个内线人可以在NBA游戏中完成它。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and direct assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
从挡板射击到发射长传,快速断路和直接助攻,只有几个内线人可以在NBA游戏中完成。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and play assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
从挡板射击到发射长传,快速中断和比赛助攻,只有几个内线人可以在NBA游戏中完成。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and net assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
从挡板射击到发射长传,快速断路和网路助攻,只有几个内线人可以在NBA游戏中完成。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and full assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
从挡板射击到发射长传,快速断路和全力助攻,只有几个内线人可以在NBA游戏中完成。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自本届奥运会开幕以来,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了13分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 14 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自本届奥运会开幕以来,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了14分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 12 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自本届奥运会开幕以来,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了12分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 11 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自本届奥运会开幕以来,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了11分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 17 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自本届奥运会开幕以来,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了17分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 15 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自本届奥运会开幕以来,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了15分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
詹姆斯在2014年夏天决定回到骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
the has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自他于2014年夏天决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
of has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,该公司签署了两份1+1的合同。
to has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
in has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
and has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the next year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将于明年生效,詹姆斯将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, he will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将进入最后一年,他将作为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor talks as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
现在,由于这项劳动协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将作为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工会谈中站在前列。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The substantial rise in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增长归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The substantial increased in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next Summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天落下。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next season.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在下一个赛季落下。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall into the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA会落入明年夏天。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3年的合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer since he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了三年合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-season contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3个赛季的合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-team contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3队合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-guaranteed contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了三条保证合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-franchise contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3份特许合同。
No matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时开始,詹姆斯都在合同中。
No case when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
2017-18赛季开始后,詹姆斯没有加入合同。
No time when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
在2017-18赛季开始的任何时候,詹姆斯都不在合约之内。
No long when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
2017-18赛季开始后不久,詹姆斯就加入了合同。
No to when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
不对2017-18赛季开始的时候,詹姆斯已经符合合同要求了。
No matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, John is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时开始,约翰都在合同中。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
to the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的热潮。
of the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
在iPhoneSE令人惊叹的首次亮相中,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
in the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
在iPhoneSE令人惊叹的首次亮相中,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
the the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的热潮。
and the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的热潮。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循其一致的拍摄基因,并配备了易于锁定5.0英寸屏幕的单手电脑、便携和方便的后指印识别系统,从而丰富了其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior interface.
NubiaZ11mini遵循其一致的相片基因,并配有一个易于锁定5.0英寸屏幕的单手手电脑,可携带和方便的后指印识别,有助于其优越的界面。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed genes, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循其一致的相片基因,并配备了便于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手电脑、便携和方便的后指印识别系统,从而丰富了其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed mutation, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini跟踪其一致拍摄的突变,并配有便于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手手电脑、便携和方便的后指印识别装置,从而丰富了其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed function, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循其一致的摄影功能,配备了便于控制5.0英寸屏幕的单手手屏幕、便携和方便的后指印识别,有助于其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed strand, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini跟随其一致的摄影链,并配备一个易于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手手手,便于携带和方便的后指印识别,有助于其卓越的经验。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appearance, nubiaZ11 trim uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,核Z11饰品采用5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appearance, nubiaZ11 compact uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11紧凑型使用5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appearance, nubiaZ11 sedan uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11轿车使用5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design comes below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini includes a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini包含一个5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
The middle frame has metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架有金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design the is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,配有C型数据接口。
The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design in is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,配有C型数据接口。
The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design a is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,配有C型数据接口。
Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的未来受到电力合同的质疑
Portland smelter's future in question with axing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的未来与电力合同的轴向有关
Portland smelter's future in uncertainty with axing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂未来在电力合同交错中的不确定性
Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of Power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的未来受到电力合同的质疑
Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of power deal
波特兰冶炼厂的未来受到电力交易的质疑
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止一项供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of thousands of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数千名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止一项供应合同,预计将取消所有供应合同。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of Hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of families of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
维多利亚州波特兰铝厂的未来以及工人家庭的工作,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
The move followed the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
The move following the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
继维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再提供补贴以维持该工厂的运行之后,政府又采取了上述举措。
The move reversed the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此举推翻了维多利亚州政府今年早些时候做出的不扩大补贴以维持工厂运行的决定。
The move was the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此举是维多利亚州政府今年初做出的不扩大补贴以维持工厂运行的决定。
The move is the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此举是维多利亚州政府今年初做出的不扩大补贴以维持工厂运行的决定。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
为期20年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in October.
为期20年的固定补贴将于10月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in December.
为期20年的固定补贴将于12月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in March.
为期20年的固定补贴将于3月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in July.
为期20年的固定补贴将在7月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in September.
为期20年的固定补贴将于9月到期。
Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 1000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
在阿尔科亚的波特兰工厂,多达1000个工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 900 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
在美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂,多达900个工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 4000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
在美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂,多达4000个工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 100 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
在美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂,多达100个工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 700 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
在美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂,多达700个工作岗位可能面临风险。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个岗位(直接的和间接的)在任何关闭时都可能面临风险。
As many as 1800 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达1800个直接和间接的工作可能面临风险。
As many as 1900 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达1900个岗位(直接和间接)可能面临风险。
As many as 1500 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达1500个直接和间接的工作可能面临风险。
As many as 1000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达1000个直接和间接的工作可能面临风险。
As many as 3000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
多达3000个工作,不论是直接的还是间接的,在任何关闭时都可能面临风险。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
此外,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
and there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
而且,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
in there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
of there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
the there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
to there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于冶炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power Plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa shut the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closure the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter this led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter that led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正在亏损,并面临关闭风险。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money a risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂因风险关闭而赔了钱.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money the risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂因风险关闭而赔了钱.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money in risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂因风险关闭而亏损。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money of risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正在损失关闭风险的资金.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money coal risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正在亏损煤炭风险的关闭.
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,而最近又因该厂的产量价格而出现。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the high Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是在澳元高企之后,而最近又由于该厂的产量价格而开始的。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the rising Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是在澳大利亚元上涨之后,而最近,则是由于该厂产出的价格。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the weak Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是在澳大利亚元疲软之后,而最近又由于该厂的产量价格而开始的。
The move follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是在澳大利亚元走强之后,而最近,则是由于该厂产出的价格。
The changes follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
这些变化是在对电厂未来多年的猜测之后发生的,最初是在澳大利亚元走强之后,而最近又由于电厂的产量价格而发生。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expected the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也会采取行动,终止他们的协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three holders will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂也将终止其协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three operators will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A发电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的运营商也将采取行动,终止其协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three shareholders will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的股东也会采取行动,终止它们之间的协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three companies will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他三家公司也将采取行动,终止它们之间的协议。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂大部分为铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业所有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份较小。
The plant is wholly owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂完全由美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本的丸子公司(Marubini Corp)持有的股份规模较小。
The plant is fully owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂完全由美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子公司(Marubini Corp)持有的股份规模较小。
The plant is primarily owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂主要由铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份规模较小。
The plant is partially owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂部分由铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份较小。
The plant is primary owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂主要隶属于美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)的合资企业,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本的丸子公司(Marubini Corp)持有的股份规模较小。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, so physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL公司希望波特兰工厂继续运营,因此对冶炼厂的电力需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, therefore physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,因此冶炼厂的电力实际需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, allowing physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL公司预计,波特兰工厂将继续运营,允许来自冶炼厂的电力供应继续维持下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, providing physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL公司希望波特兰工厂继续运营,为冶炼厂的电力供应提供实际需求,该公司表示。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, requiring physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL公司预计,波特兰工厂将继续运营,要求冶炼厂继续实际供电。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年11月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2017.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2017年11月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2015.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,定于2015年11月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from December 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年12月生效。
AGL said the contract are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
AGL表示,该合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,将于2016年11月生效。
AGL said the deals are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
AGL说,这些交易是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年11月生效。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2017年完成。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they was actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此在2017年实际结束。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they is actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此实际于2017年结束。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2016.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2016年实际完成。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2018.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2018年完成。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so it will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2017年完成。
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts would contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续预计,这些合同会在17财年带来收益。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 16, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在16财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 14, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在14财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 19, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在19财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 23, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在23财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 18, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在18财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 11, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在11财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 27, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在27财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 20, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在20财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 7, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同能促进7财年的收益。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 2, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在第二财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 2017, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在2017财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 2016, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在2016财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 2018, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在2018财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year future, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同在未来财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continued to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL expects to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL预计这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continuing to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL is to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示,“因此,AGL希望这些合同能促进17财年的收益。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect existing contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续预期现有的合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect all contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望所有的合同都能在17财年带来收益。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect its contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续预期其合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect power contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望电力合同在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect operating contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望运营合同在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect utility contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望公用事业合同在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
Any potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何潜在收益影响目前都是有限的。
Any potential earnings impact on AGL during FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,目前FY18以后对AGL的任何潜在收益影响都是有限的。
Any potential earnings impact on AGL beyond FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,目前FY18以后对AGL的任何潜在收益影响都是有限的。
Any potential earnings impact on AGL in FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,目前对AGL的任何潜在收益影响都是有限的。
Any potential earnings impact on AGL at FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,18财政年度以后对AGL的任何潜在收益影响目前都是有限的。
Any potential earnings impact on AGL on FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,目前对AGL在FY18以后的任何潜在收益影响都是有限的。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL表示,已经将合同价值记录在其账户中1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 186 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL表示,已经将合同价值记录在帐面上1.86亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 305 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL表示,已经将合同价值记录在帐户上3.05亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 175 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL表示,已经将合同价值记录在帐面上1.75亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 225 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL说,它已经将合同价值记录在其账户中2.25亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 200 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL说,它已经将合同价值记录在帐面上2亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供电的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does no affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供电的能力。”
Alcoa stated the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定"并不影响美国铝业公司.经营冶炼厂的能力或确保向冶炼厂供应电力的能力"。
Alcoa announced the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司宣布了终止合同的决定,“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供应电力的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure power supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂的能力或确保向冶炼厂供应电力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not impact Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供电的能力”。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yin in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yin订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Ming in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Ming订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Mei in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Mei签订了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Chen in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Chen订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Sun in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它将于2010年与Loy Sun达成为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了合同。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚港兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的托马戈厂可能关闭。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the theago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚的波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的塔戈工厂都可能关闭。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the anago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚的波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的阿塔戈工厂都可能关闭。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the andago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚的波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的安达哥工厂可能关闭。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the inago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚的波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的Inago工厂都可能关闭。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the toago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚州波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的塔戈工厂可能关闭。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Andrew Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Andrew Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Jonathan Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Jonathan Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, James Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(James Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, David Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
马克尔森(David Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, John Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
马克尔森(John Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场, 电力市场的需求就会明显下降.
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant decrease in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都从市场出口的话,电力市场的需求就会明显下降.
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant cut in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场,那 [ 电力 ] 市场的需求就会大幅下降.
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ energy ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场,这在 [ 能源 ] 市场的需求就会明显下降.
And as a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
并且,作为一个对我们没有好处的发电机,”他说。
And for a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
对于一个对我们没有好处的发电机来说,”他说。
And with a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
有了一台对我们没用的发电机,”他说。
And and a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
以及一个对我们没有好处的发电机,”他说。
And without a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
没有一台对我们没有好处的发电机,”他说。
And on a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
在一台对我们没有好处的发电机上,”他说。
Community legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年减少160 000人
Community legal centres turn off 160, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年关闭160 000人
Community legal centres turn back 160, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年倒退160 000人
Community medical centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
社区医疗中心每年减少160 000人
Community law centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年减少160 000人
Community court centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
社区法院每年减少160,000人
The legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
法律中心每年减少160,000人
the legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
法律中心每年减少160,000人
of legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
法律中心每年减少160,000人
in legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
在法律中心每年减少160,000人
and legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
法律中心每年减少160,000人
a legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
法律中心每年减少160,000人
to legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
每年有160,000人被送往法律中心
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-strained operations.
每年,超过160,000个最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经紧张的业务产生影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact potential funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门正准备应对潜在资金削减对已经捉襟见肘的行动的影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact government funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年,超过160,000个国家最脆弱的群体被排斥在社区法律中心之外,而这一部门正准备应对政府资金削减对已经捉襟见肘的行动的影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres each year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年,超过160 000名国家最脆弱的群体被社区法律中心所排斥,该部门将做好准备,进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres annually year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年,超过160 000名国家最脆弱者被逐出社区法律中心,该部门将做好准备,进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
In Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
In Queensland, three out of five people-mainly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要为老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源打击不公平驱逐和类似驱逐的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时遭到拒绝。
In Queensland, three out of five people-usually the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 通常为老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源打击不公平驱逐和类似情况的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时遭到拒绝。
In Queensland, three out of five residents-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的居民 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的共同体法律服务正准备进一步削减。
Community judicial services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经 超出 限度 的 社区 司法 服务 正 准备 进一步 削减 。
Community medical services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的社区医疗服务正准备进一步削减。
Community security services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的社区保安服务正准备进一步削减。
Community law services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的共同体法律服务正准备进一步削减。
Community defense services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的社区防卫服务正准备进一步削减。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 20 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将失去联邦资金的另外20%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 10 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的10%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to cut another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心计划再削减联邦资金的30%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to loss another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
in June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
到明年六月,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
of June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
the June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
到明年6月,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
a June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
a 明年6月,这些法律中心预计将再损失联邦资金的30%。
and June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
以及明年6月,这些法律中心预计将再损失联邦资金的30%。
to June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
至明年6月,这些法律中心预计将再损失联邦资金的30%。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Sullivan said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州詹姆斯沙利文社区法律中心主任说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Costello said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州詹姆斯·科斯特罗社区法律中心主任说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Moran said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯·莫兰说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年已有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James McCarthy said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯麦卡锡说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Daly said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯·戴利说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the crisis was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,危机只会恶化。
the Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
a Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
a 法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
to Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
and Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the essential services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的基本服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the crucial services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们需要的关键服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the valuable services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的宝贵服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the basic services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们需要的基本服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the services services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的服务之外,”他说。
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
脱离暴力关系的人、负债累累的人、离异的家庭、被不公平解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
People ending violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
结束暴力关系的人、无法管理、债务累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
People in violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
处于暴力关系中的人、负债累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到所需的帮助。
People left violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
人们留下暴力关系,债务无法管理,债务沉重不堪,家庭离散,工人被不公平地解雇,所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
People from violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
处于暴力关系中的人、负债累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到所需的帮助。
People leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
人们留下暴力关系、债务无法管理、债务沉重、家庭离散、被不公平解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而本报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰地区数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal issues without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰的更多弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下处理复杂的法律问题。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal challenges without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰的更多弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下应对复杂的法律挑战。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal situations without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰的更多弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下度过复杂的法律环境。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal conditions without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰的更多弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下驾驭复杂的法律环境。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal cases without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰的更多弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下处理复杂的法律案件。
Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
去年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
of year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
in year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
the year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
and year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
a year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
一年来,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其客户社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
It's now time to look at the need of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其服务对象社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府对这一重要工作进行投资。
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动是在工作人员拉枪后被起诉的
Donald Trump campaign challenged after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动遭到挑战,据称工作人员拉了一支枪
Donald Trump campaign sue after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动是在工作人员拔枪后被起诉的
Donald Trump campaign lawsuit after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
唐纳德·特朗普竞选官司被指控拉枪后提起的诉讼
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly drew a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动是在工作人员拔枪后被起诉的
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in January.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在1月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in March.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在3月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in May.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在5月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a SUV in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶SUV时因被告知北卡罗来纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a truck in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)的竞选活动被指控无所事事,因为他被告知北卡罗来纳州行动负责人在二月份驾驶卡车时用枪对准了一名职员。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周三,该事件在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼中被描述,该州竞选活动前软件培训师VincentBordini提起了诉讼。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Thursday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
上周四,该事件在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼中有所描述,该州竞选活动前软件培训师VincentBordini是该州法院的一名前软件培训师。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Friday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
上周五,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Saturday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
上周六,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Monday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周一,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Tuesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
博迪尼(Vincent Bordini)周二在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he worked for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他花了数月的时间在内部处理这一局势,然后才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he was for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,几个月来,在内部处理这一局面后,他才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he remained for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他要在国内处理几个月,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini admitted he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼承认,他等了好几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realiseising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了几个月才内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,把他右手的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
The director, Earl Philip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利浦(Earl Philip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞塞进文森特的膝盖上。
The director, Earl Anthony, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·安东尼(EarlAnthony)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞进了Vincent的膝盖。
The director, Earl Simon, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·西蒙(EarlSimon)拿出了一支手枪,把右指的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进文森特的膝盖盖里。
The director, Earl Adams, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·亚当斯(Earl Adams)拿出了一支手枪,把右手的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
The director, Earl Cardinal, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·红衣主教“拿出一支手枪,把右指的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进文森特的膝盖盖里。”博迪尼在投诉中说道。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后得知,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leaders, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
鲍尔迪尼向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨过后,得知至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After complaining to local and regional campaign officials, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
在向当地和地区竞选官员抱怨之后,鲍迪尼了解到至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After complaining to local and regional campaign media, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
鲍尔迪尼向当地和地区竞选媒体投诉后得知,根据这份档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini discovered that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
鲍尔迪尼向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后发现,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini found that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
鲍尔迪尼向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后发现,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the claim.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在索赔中说道.
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the lawsuit.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在诉讼中说道.
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini testified in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, " 博迪尼在投诉中作证说.
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini states in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, " 博迪尼在投诉中说道.
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini ruled in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中裁定.
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,就可以采取行动。
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun holders and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案”的支持者(人们知道他们是持枪者和持枪爱好者)可以采取行动,只要他的对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官。
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take actions if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他的对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,他们可以采取行动。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话断章取义了,他不是在鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign stated the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动表明,媒体已经把他的话断章取义了,他不是在鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign responded the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动回应了媒体把他的话从背景中弄出来,说他不是在鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't promoting violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话断章取义了,他没有宣扬暴力。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't proposing violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话从背景中剔除,他没有提议暴力。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't suggesting violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话从背景中剔除,他并不是在暗示暴力。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 Phillip 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Philip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 过失 监督 运动 的 赔偿, 要求 Philip 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from him for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 他 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from police for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 警察 对 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 感情 痛苦 作出 赔偿 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from the for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 从 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 感情 痛苦 的 行动 中 得到 赔偿 。
Bordini's complaint claims compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
博尔迪尼的申诉要求从疏忽监督运动中赔偿,从菲利普索赔攻击、殴打和施加感情痛苦。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately returned a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately answer a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复要求置评的消息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately send a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即发出寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately reply a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复要求置评的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately give a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即发出要求置评的信息。
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.
到达菲利普的企图没有成功.
Attempts to reach Philip were unsuccessful.
试图接近Philip的努力没有成功。
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessfully.
接近菲利普的企图没有成功.
Attempts to reach Phillip were failed.
到达菲利普的企图失败了.
Attempts to negotiate Phillip were unsuccessful.
试图与菲利普谈判的努力没有成功。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特的当地新闻机构WCCB报道,菲利普最近退出了这场竞选活动。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Philip recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特的当地新闻机构WCCB报道说,菲利普最近退出了这场竞选活动。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillips recently left the campaign.
Charlotte的当地新闻机构WCCB报道,菲利普斯最近退出了竞选。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Martin recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特的当地新闻机构WCCB报道说,马丁最近退出了竞选。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Colin recently left the campaign.
据Charlotte的当地新闻机构WCCB报道,科林最近退出了竞选。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Adams recently left the campaign.
Charlotte的当地新闻机构WCCB报道说,亚当斯最近退出了竞选。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司“创新咨询服务公司”的电话没有立即回复。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Service, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司创新咨询服务公司留下的电话没有立即回复。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Solutions, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司创新咨询解决方案(Innoved Consulting Solutions)的电话没有立即回复。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately answered.
他咨询公司“创新咨询服务公司”的电话没有立即得到响应。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Trump Trump has run a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人特朗普·特朗普(Trump Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a notable campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场引人注目的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a conservative campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普发起了一场保守运动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a political campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场政治竞选。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a Republican campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普发起了共和党竞选.
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-AS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-AS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-PC-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-PC-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-OS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-OS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-NO-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-NO-14300, General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CA-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CA-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and extend Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and increase Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,增加热情
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and develop Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,发展希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and widen Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and build Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,建设希思罗
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow has also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地也带来了复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow is also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗不仅为我们当地社区和整个伦敦带来了复兴和繁荣,也为整个国家带来了繁荣。
Heathrow Will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow to also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow are also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地也带来了复兴和繁荣。
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics achieved huge benefit for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for London and the East End.
奥运会给伦敦和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics achieved major benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了重大利益。
The Olympics achieved great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics achieved massive benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
and, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
of, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
the, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
我们会再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
to, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
为此,我们将再次为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和企业创造机会。
For our local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For we local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the Airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airports.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,还有人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
Just as there were Ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,将有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be some that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,有些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that feel the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,人们也会觉得希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proven wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be prove wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会证明他们在希思罗是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong at Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always hurdles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering the question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答着问题。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗(Heathrow)是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
of the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
在奥林匹克运动会中,希思罗是众多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
and the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
the the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
在奥运会上,希思罗不仅仅是对少数人来说,也是对许多人来说的基础设施项目。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the all, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗是所有人的基础设施项目,而不仅仅是少数人。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the Many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗(Heathrow)是多数人而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both in the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的良机,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下了技能和就业的遗产。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal six years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续6年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal four years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续4年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal three years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续3年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal two years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续两年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到位于全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间的T2。
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investments.
如今,他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
Now they stand ready to deliver a second runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,再开通一条跑道。
Now they stand ready to deliver a 3rd runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,提供第三跑道。
Now we stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
现在,我们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
Now They stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am optimistic that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我对希思罗的扩张也将是乐观的。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am hopeful that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我希望希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow extension will be too.
伦敦2012年奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的续赛也将如此。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow growth will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗会增长。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow redevelopment will be too.
伦敦2012年奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的再发展也将如此。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
我们现在应该发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易前景,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of jobs and employment that Britain can be proud of.
我们现在应该发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易前景,创造英国可以引以为荣的工作机会和就业机会。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic Spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时候了。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic energy and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克的能量和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时候了。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and jobs that Britain can be proud of.
我们现在应该发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易前景,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业机会。
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton was chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵曾任希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
Woman run over on Switzerland motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上奔跑,明显自杀
woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上行驶,明显自杀
Girl run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女孩在瑞士高速公路上奔跑,明显自杀
Women run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
Man run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
男人在瑞士高速公路上奔跑,显然是在自杀
She run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
4.她在瑞士的高速公路上公然自杀
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was laying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者半夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was sleeping on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者半夜睡在高速公路上。
The victim was laid on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜被安放在高速公路上。
The victim was found on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者是在半夜在高速公路上被发现的。
The victims was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路上。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方正在呼吁证人。
Police are appealing for witness after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方呼吁她作证。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several cars on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞车,显然是自杀,警方呼吁证人。
Police were appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方在呼吁证人。
Police is appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方正在呼吁证人。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜过后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号上发生了这起事故。
The incident happened on a A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜过后,莫日附近沃州的一个A1上发生事故。
The incident happened on motorway A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
这起事故发生在周四午夜后在沃州莫日附近的高速公路A1上。
The incident happened on NH A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜后,在沃州莫日附近的NHA1发生事故。
The incident happened on Highway A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
事故发生于周四午夜后位于沃州莫日附近的A1公路上。
The incident happened on highway A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
这起事故发生在周四午夜后沃州莫日附近的A1公路上。
A woman lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several cars, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 48, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名48岁的瑞士妇女,显然是在自焚,被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 47, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名47岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 54, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一位年龄在54岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 46, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名46岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 53, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一位53岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
She died at the scene.
她死在现场。
and died at the scene.
死在现场。
the died at the scene.
死在现场的人。
to died at the scene.
死在现场。
in died at the scene.
死在现场。
of died at the scene.
死于现场。
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,一些司机已经接受了采访,但一些司机的身份仍然不明,警察呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, says police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,一些司机已经接受了采访,但有些司机的身份仍不明,警方呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, say police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
已经对其中几名司机进行了面谈,但有些司机仍不明身份,警察说,警察在叫他们,还有目击这一事件的其他人出来。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
然而,尚有待观察的是,所涉司机中是否有人将面临指控。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charge.
然而,尚有待观察的是,所涉司机中是否有人将面临指控。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charged.
然而,尚需看一看,所涉司机中是否有人将面临指控。
the it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
有关司机是否有人会受到指控,尚有待观察。
and it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
尚需看一看,所涉及的司机中是否有人会受到指控。
of it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
其中尚有待观察的,是涉及的司机是否有人会受到指控。
Was it possible to avoid impact ?
能否避免冲击?
Was it possible to escape impact ?
能否摆脱冲击?
Was it possible to survive impact ?
能否在冲击中幸存下来?
Was it possible to avoid impacts ?
能否避免影响?
That's what the prosecutor must determine, " said Hofstetter.
这就是检察官必须决定的,”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor must decide, " said Hofstetter.
检察官必须做出这样的决定,”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor must find, " said Hofstetter.
这是检察官必须找到的,”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor must conclude, " said Hofstetter.
检察官必须得出这样的结论,”霍夫斯特特特说。
That's what the prosecutor must say, " said Hofstetter.
检察官必须这样说,”霍夫斯特特说。
the's what the prosecutor must determine, " said Hofstetter.
这是检察官必须决定的。”霍夫斯特特说。
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去五年里,另外两个类似的事例表明,司机不会承担责任。
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held blamed.
在过去五年里,另外两个类似的事例表明,司机不会受到指责。
and other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年的其他类似情况表明,司机不会承担责任。
the other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年的其他类似情况表明,司机不会承担责任。
of other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年中其他类似的例子表明,司机不会被追究责任。
to other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年的其他类似情况表明,司机不会被追究责任。
in other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去五年的其他类似情况下,司机将不承担责任。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两种情况下,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists can expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两种情况下,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,驾驶者可能会在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was deemed that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两种情况下,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,人们认为司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was assessed that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸称,在每起事故中,都有一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据评估,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was determined that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在每起事故中,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,结果决定,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was found that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在每起事故中,都有一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,结果发现,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年8月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Paynerne附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing murder by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官因过失杀人而被宣布无罪,因为她于2014年8月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Paynerne附近A1号船上的男子。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Grangerne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年8月在Grangerne附近一天晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在A1上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Sherne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年8月的一天晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Sherne附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Durne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年8月的一天晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在杜恩附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Ferne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年8月在Ferne附近一天晚上殴打并杀害了一名男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 21-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,21岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 23-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,23岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 24-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,24岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 20-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,20岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 19-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,这位19岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unexpected situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,对紧急呼叫做出反应的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和意外的情况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and extraordinary situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼叫的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和非常的情况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unprecedented situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,这位正在响应紧急呼叫的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和前所未有的情况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was reasonable and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,对紧急呼叫做出反应的女警官驾驶方式合理,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预测的状况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " totally exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 44。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 82 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 82 46 或021 644 44 44。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 84 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 84 46 或021 644 44 44。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 81 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 81 46 或021 644 44。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 45.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 45。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 43.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 4443。
NASA climate model : Venus was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾适宜居住
NASA Climate model : Venus was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾适宜居住
NASA warming model : Venus was once habitable
美国宇航局变暖模型:金星曾适宜居住
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new spacecraft climate model.
根据新的航天器气候模型的预测, 金星可能曾经适宜居住.
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new Mars climate model.
根据新的火星气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
in was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,可能曾经适宜居住。
the was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,这种气候可能曾经适宜居住。
to was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,可能曾经适宜居住。
and was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,可能曾经适宜居住过。
of was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,可能曾经适宜居住。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国宇航局戈达德空间研究所的科学家开发了一个模型,利用类似于气候科学家使用的工具和算法来探索金星的历程。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'history using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国航空航天局戈达德空间研究所的科学家开发了一个模型,利用类似于气候科学家使用的工具和算法来探索金星的历史。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'past using techniques and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国宇航局戈达德空间研究所的科学家开发了一个模型,利用类似于气候科学家所采用的技术和算法来探索金星的历程。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'past using methods and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国航空航天局戈达德空间研究所的科学家开发了一个模型,利用与气候科学家使用的方法和算法相似的方法和算法来探索金星的历程。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳充斥的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO₂2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星的热度、无水表层和二氧化碳充斥的大气层是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and carbon2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星的热度、无水表层和二氧化碳排放的大气层是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and c2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否曾存在过类似于地球的条件,其表面是热、无水和C2-chocked大气的。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and C2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星的热度、无水表层和C2-chocked大气是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like environments.
该模型旨在确定金星的热度、无水表层和二氧化碳充斥的大气层是否曾经承载过类似于地球的环境。
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾建议,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have previous suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾暗示,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have earlier suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家早些时候提出,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have already suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家已经暗示,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have also suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家还提出,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have long suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家长期以来一直认为,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun rapidly.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,但仍能快速旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun fast.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然快速旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun quickly.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,但仍能快速旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slow.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个薄薄的、像地球一样的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slower.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,而且转动速度仍然较慢。
The model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
The model also looked at the topography of late Venus.
该模型还考察了已故金星的地形。
The model also looked at the topography of Early Venus.
该模型还考察了早期金星的地形。
The model also looked at the topography of earliest Venus.
模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
The models also looked at the topography of early Venus.
模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
The model then looked at the topography of early Venus.
模型然后观察了早期金星的地形.
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had sufficient water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against fast evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against massive evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异来容纳生命,并防范大规模的蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapidly evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against thermal evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命和防范热蒸发。
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于30%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 25 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于25%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 40 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于40%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 20 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于20%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 35 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于35%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 15 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于一个15%的淡化的太阳.
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次暴露在太阳的背面近两个月,“GISS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes the dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次暴露在太阳的日光下将近两个月的时间,“GISS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes their dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢旋转一次暴露在太阳的日光下将近两个月的时间,”GIS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes our dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次几乎让太阳照射了两个月。” GISS的科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes planetary dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋使行星的日光照射几乎每个月太阳,”GIS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes Venus dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋使金星的日侧向太阳暴露了近两个月的时间,”GISS的科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这使表面变暖,产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量影响。
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from most of the solar heating.
这使表面变暖,产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,可以保护表面不受大部分太阳能的加热。
and warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
使表面变暖,产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量。
the warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
表面变暖,产生雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,可以遮盖表面,使表面免受太阳的热量影响。
of warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
使表面变暖并产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量。
to warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
使表面变暖,产生雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
The result is total climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是总气候温度比今天的地球低几度。
The result is average climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
其结果是平均气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
The result is global climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是全球气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
The result is solar climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是太阳的气候温度比今天的地球低几度。
The result is local climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是当地气候温度比今天的地球低几度。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个金星的故事,与以前行星科学家假设的演化相似。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary researchers.
这个模型产生了一个金星的故事,与以前行星研究者假设的演化相似。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary models.
这个模型产生了一个与以前假设的行星模型相似的金星故事.
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution already hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个与行星科学家已经假设的进化相似的金星故事.
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution earlier hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个与行星科学家早先假设的进化相似的金星故事.
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution before hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个与行星科学家假设之前的演化相似的金星故事.
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星虽然可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年的时间里,它暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- during the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
虽然金星可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年中,金星暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它的海洋蒸发了,它的水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
the oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
海洋蒸发了,海水蒸发了紫外线。
to oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
海洋蒸发,水蒸气被紫外线烧掉。
of oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
海洋蒸发,其水蒸气被紫外线烧掉。
and oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
海洋蒸发,水蒸气被紫外线烧掉。
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burnt away by ultraviolet light.
它的海洋蒸发了,它的水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气消失时,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今日所认识的金星。
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we remember today.
当它的氢气消失时,剩下的只是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今日所记得的金星。
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we known today.
当它的氢气消失时,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》中分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the results of their proposed Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们提出的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the results of their New Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们的新金星气候模型的结果。
Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
帕特里克·罗伊辞去阿瓦兰切的教练职务
Patrick Fay resigns as Avalanche coach
帕特里克·费伊辞去阿瓦兰切的教练职务
I Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
罗伊辞去阿瓦兰切主教练一职
of Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
罗伊辞去阿瓦兰切主教练一职
and Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
罗伊辞去阿瓦兰切主教练一职
the Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
罗伊辞去阿瓦兰切的教练职务
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
罗伊(Patrick Roy)于本周四辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球队(Coorado Avalanche)的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Friday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
上周五,帕特里克·罗伊辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Wednesday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
周三,帕特里克·罗伊辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Tuesday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
周二,Patrick Roy辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Monday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
罗伊(Patrick Roy)于本周一辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球运动的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Saturday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
上周六,帕特里克·罗伊辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new Coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the transfer and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这次转会,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the deal and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这笔交易,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the signing and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一协议,并指出俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the trade and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一交易,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
" For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice chief of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切队曲棍球队的主教练和副队长,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都想了好长一段时间,想如何改进这支球队,使它具备所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
I have considered long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都在想如何改进这支球队,使它具有所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly alignment with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景必须与组织的愿景完全一致。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations need to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needed to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练的愿景和VP-hokey业务需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
To achieve this, the vision of the Coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,主教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景必须与组织完全一致。
These conditions are not currently met.
目前没有满足这些条件。
These conditions are currently currently met.
目前 符合 这些 条件 。
These conditions are however currently met.
然而,这些条件目前得到了满足。
These conditions are not currently meet.
目前尚不符合这些条件。
These conditions are not currently satisfied.
这些条件目前没有得到满足。
These requirements are not currently met.
目前没有满足这些要求。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
萨基奇2013年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
萨基奇2013年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
" Patrick informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" Patrick told me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克今天把他的决定告诉了我, ” 萨基奇说.
" He informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 他今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" In informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" I informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 今天我把他的决定通知了我, ” 萨基奇说.
" The informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 今天通知我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
We appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We respect all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 尊重 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We understand all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们了解他为我们组织所做的一切,并祝愿他今后一切顺利。
We thank all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们感谢他为我们组织所做的一切,并祝愿他今后一切顺利。
We appreciate all he has done for our group and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们感谢他为我们的团队所做的一切,并祝他今后好运。
We appreciate all he has done for our organization and hope him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 希望 他 今后 幸运 。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
Roy is named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
Roy was voted the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊当选为联赛最佳教练。
Roy was awarded the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊被颁授杰克亚当斯大奖,成为联赛中最优秀的教练。
the was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,杰克·亚当斯获得联赛最佳主教练的称号。
and was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,他被提名为联赛最佳教练。
to was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,杰克亚当斯获奖,成为联赛最佳教练。
in was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-14年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,杰克亚当斯获得联赛最佳主教练的称号。
of was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,杰克亚当斯获得联赛最佳主教练的称号。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分和1分,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the past two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分和1分,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided the club to 111 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
科罗拉多州队在季后赛的第一轮比赛中被明尼苏达州队击败,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州队在季后赛的季后赛中屡屡败下场。
He guided the club to 114 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得114分,并获得第一名,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided the club to 106 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得106分和冠军,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided the club to 108 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
科罗拉多州队在季后赛的第一轮比赛中被明尼苏达州队击败,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州队都未能进入季后赛。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配牌上,比野生号低了5分。
The Avalanche posted a 38-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号上标了38-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通心牌上,比野生号低了5分。
The Avalanche posted a 36-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了36-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配牌上,他比野生号低了5分。
The Avalanche posted a 40-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了40-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通卡点球赛中,比野生号低5分。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 as fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年度,阿瓦兰切队以39比39比49比4的成绩,在西部奥运会第二张通配卡赛场,比野生队落后五分。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 with fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年度,阿瓦兰切队以5分的比野生队高出39-39-4分,成为西部大赛的第二张大奖牌。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了四个斯坦利杯——一个是蒙特利尔加那迪斯杯,一个是阿瓦兰切杯。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Quebec won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
魁北克是名人门将,他赢得了四次斯坦利杯,一次与蒙特利尔加那迪安和阿瓦兰切两场。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, the won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
一个名人大赛门将,赢得了四个斯坦利杯——一个是蒙特利尔加那迪斯杯,一个是阿瓦兰切杯。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, he won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,他赢得了四个斯坦利杯,一个是蒙特利尔加那迪斯杯,另一个是阿瓦兰切杯。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, He won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
他赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次两杯是蒙特利尔加那迪安和阿瓦兰切。
A Super of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将的超级,罗伊赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次是和蒙特利尔加那迪斯和阿瓦兰切的杯。
North Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
北海石油工人恢复谈判,停止罢工
North Sea oil worker resume talks, suspend strike
北海石油工人恢复会谈,停止罢工
North Sea oil miners resume talks, suspend strike
北海石油开采者恢复谈判,停止罢工
North Sea oil Workers resume talks, suspend strike
北海石油工人恢复谈判,停止罢工
North sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
北海石油工人恢复谈判,停止罢工
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而争端各方都坐下来参加新一轮会谈。
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a fresh round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而所有争议各方都坐下来进行新一轮谈判。
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a renewed round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工暂时停止,而所有争议各方都坐下来进行新的一轮会谈。
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a reopened round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而所有争议各方都坐下来重新展开一轮谈判。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对油田服务公司伍德集团(Wood Group)发动罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Woods Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对油田服务公司伍兹集团(Woods Group)发动罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Oak Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对Oak Group油田服务公司发动罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood International have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地进行打击油田服务公司伍德国际(Wood International)的罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地发动了针对Wood公司(Wood Group)的罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood plc have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
在荷兰皇家壳牌(Royal Dutch Shell)运营的北海平台上,对Wood plc油田服务公司发动的罢工也时有发生。
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood Group and the Directe and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood Party and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“木党和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”一份联合声明说。
" Wood UK and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“伍德-英国和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”联合声明中写道。
" Wood Society and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
一份联合声明指出:“伍德协会和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。”
" Wood General and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
一份联合声明指出:“伍德将军和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。”
" Wood First and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“伍德第一,联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”一份联合声明说。
" Wood International and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“伍德国际和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”联合宣言中写道。
" Wood Council and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
一份联合声明中写道:“木材理事会和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。”
" Wood National and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
一份联合声明中写道:“伍德民族党、联合党和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。”
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions could confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions do confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“伍德集团和联合和RMT工会确实证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”一份联合声明说。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几 周 内 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 重新 审视 这些 问题 。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issue.
我们 将 在 今后 几 周 内 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 重新 审视 这 一 问 题 。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the Issues.
今后数周内,我们将举行数周的全天会议,从下周初开始,以重新审视这些问题。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few week, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几个 星期 内 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 对 这些 问题 进行 新 的 研究 。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the first few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
从下周初开始,我们将在头几周举行若干次全天会议,以重新审视这些问题。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the week few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 几个 星期 内 从 下 星期 初 开始 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 以便 重新 审视 这些 问题 。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议潜在的高达30%的减薪。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 20 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议可能削减20%的工资。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 50 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议潜在的高达50%的减薪。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 15 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的首次行动)是为了抗议高达15%的降薪。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 25 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议高达25%的降薪。
The labor unions said their recent actions, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的首次行动)是为了抗议高达30%的降薪。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,伍德集团(Wood Group)今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
Wood General this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,木将军(Wood General)今年将支付给北海承包商的费率下调了9%左右。
Wood group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,木头集团今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
Wood International this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,国际木材公司(Wood International)今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
Wood Group this year cuts rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
伍德集团(Wood Group)由于市场负压力,今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
Wood Group this year cutting rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
伍德集团(Wood Group)由于市场负压力,今年向北海承包商支付的降价率约为9%。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后开始降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent reduction for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent drop for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent cut for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a of percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降息1%后降息。
The company's rate reduction follows a a percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降息了1%。
The company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给该公司在市场低迷时期所需的空间。
The company said additional cuts would allow the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司能够腾出所需的空间来渡过市场低迷。
The company said additional cuts would provide the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将为公司提供在市场低迷中移动所需的空间。
The company said additional cuts would make the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司获得应对市场低迷所需的空间。
The company said additional cuts would create the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给公司带来应对市场低迷所需的空间。
The company said additional cuts would have the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司拥有通过市场下滑所需的空间。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy companies are under pressure from cut crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the UK decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British announcement in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,而英国6月宣布退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in May to leave the European Union.
原油价格下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国5月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in April to leave the European Union.
原油价格下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国4月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会面,讨论过一代人以来在北海地区发生的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人中打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dan Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员丹·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人中打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Ed Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员埃德·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人中打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Bob Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员鲍勃·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人中打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Tom Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员汤姆·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人中打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is crucial for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is essential for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is critical for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is important for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济非常重要。
The North Sea, he said, is vital to the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
" In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在北海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " He said in a statement.
“在北海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群中恒星的自旋速率
Kepler studies spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒研究类星群中恒星的自旋率
Kepler discovers spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒发现了星群中恒星的自旋速率
Kepler study spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒研究类星群中恒星的自旋率
Kepler observes spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒观测到星群中恒星的自旋速率
Kepler on spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
星群中恒星自旋速率开关器
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers obtain the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的一次飞行任务帮助天文学家获得了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most comprehensive catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最全面的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has provided astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的飞行任务为天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has supported astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的一次飞行任务支持了天文学家收集列星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has enabled astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的飞行任务使天文学家能够收集列星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet forming.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet generation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星生成的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet evolution.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星演化的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formed.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么星群中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet separation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星分离的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will discover more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们会发现更多关于恒星质量、星龄、甚至太阳系历史之间的关系,”位于帕萨迪纳的加州理工学院红外处理和分析中心的科学家露易莎·瑞布尔在一份新闻稿中说。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will find more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们会发现更多关于恒星质量、星龄、甚至太阳系历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relation between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the correlation between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the association between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们将会更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系,”位于帕萨迪纳的加州理工学院红外处理和分析中心的科学家露易莎·瑞布尔在一份新闻稿中说。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-years from Earth.
星团位于距地球445光年的地方。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-days from Earth.
星群位于距地球445个光天。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-away from Earth.
星团位于远离地球的445处。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-distant from Earth.
星群位于离地球445个光远处。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-distance from Earth.
星群位于445个与地球的光距离。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-light from Earth.
星团位于地球的445个光点。
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的许多恒星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years past.
群星群中的许多恒星刚刚步入成年,它们大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
to of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的群星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前出生。
of of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中所有恒星中的一部分刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
the of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的群星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
and of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的群星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
They're spinning as fast as they ever will.
他们转得越快越好。
to're spinning as fast as they ever will.
尽可能快地旋转。
in're spinning as fast as they ever will.
他们不停地在旋转。
of're spinning as fast as they ever will.
他们转得越快越好。
the're spinning as fast as they ever will.
转得越快越好。
a're spinning as fast as they ever will.
他们不停地转。
and're spinning as fast as they ever will.
并且会像以前一样快速地旋转。
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风。
At their peak spin rates, these evolveuring stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些恒星以它们的最高自旋速率喷射出大量的恒星风。
At their peak spin rates, these buring stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些恒星在它们顶峰的自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风.
At their peak spin rates, these parenturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
在它们的顶峰自旋速率,这些母星喷射出大量的恒星风。
At their peak spin rates, these massuring stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下, 喷射出大量的恒星风.
At their peak spin rates, these ageuring stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
以它们的顶峰自旋速率, 这些老化的恒星喷射出大量的恒星风.
As these winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们在恒星上产生了制动效应.
As these winds travel through the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风经过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As these winds travel along the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风沿着恒星的磁场运动时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As these winds travel across the stars'magnetic field, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时,它们会对恒星产生制动效应。
As this winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这种狂风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As those winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As a star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
As a star ages, the spin rate begins to slow down.
在恒星时代,自旋速率开始放缓。
As a star ages, their spin rate begins to slow down.
在恒星时代,它们的自旋速度开始放缓。
As a star ages, a spin rate begins to slow down.
在恒星时代,自旋速率开始放缓。
As a star aged, its spin rate begins to slow down.
随着一颗恒星的衰老, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
As a star older, its spin rate begins to slow down.
随着一颗恒星的老化, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- resembling sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪可识别的恒星点外观之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率——类似于太阳黑子。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- as sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪从可识别的恒星黑子的出现到太阳黑子出现之间的时间来测量每颗恒星的自旋速率。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by monitoring the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过监视可识别的恒星黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by recording the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过记录可识别的恒星黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by measuring the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒测量每颗恒星的自旋速率,通过测量从可识别的恒星黑子的出现到它们的出现之间的时间,就像太阳黑子一样。
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的恒星,更多的恒星的自旋速度要慢。
The our catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
我们的自旋速率目录表明,更多的大型恒星旋转的速度比较少的大型恒星慢。
The R catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
R的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的恒星,更多的恒星的自旋速度要慢。
The A catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
一份自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的恒星,更多的恒星的自旋速度要慢。
The the catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
旋转速率的目录表明,更多的大颗粒恒星旋转的速度比较小的大颗粒恒星慢。
The s catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
旋转速率的目录表明,更多的大颗粒恒星旋转的速度比较小的大颗粒恒星慢。
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull likens the stars to dances, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull likens the stars to dancing, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull likens the stars to dance, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, large ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 大的比小的要慢.
Rebull imaginens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔想像着明星和舞蹈者,比小星星的舞步慢得多。
Rebull forns the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
怒火把星星赐给舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull orns the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
激起群星对舞蹈者, 较大的群星比较小的群星慢.
Rebull referencens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔将明星推荐给舞蹈家, 较大的则比较小的要慢.
Rebull diagramns the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔向舞者描绘了群星的轮廓,比小星的轮廓慢得多。
Rebull describens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔将星星描述为舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull metaphorns the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 较大的比较小的要慢.
Rebull describesns the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔将星星描述为舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull ans the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
狂怒的星星让舞蹈者们舞动, 较大的群星比较小的群星慢.
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we find that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们发现慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we show that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们发现慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the faster rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,而转子的体积比较快,而转子的体积比较轻。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more stellar, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'圆珠'中,我们看到慢转子更亮,而最快的转子往往是非常轻的星星。
" From the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
从星的'ballet'中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities against spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities to spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,它是一个理想的宇宙实验室,可以比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities and spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,它是一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities by spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是一个理想的宇宙实验室,能够通过自旋率来比较恒星质量。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities for spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星的自旋率。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星向上旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这种理论模型向上向下移动,越来越年轻,也越来越老。”鲁布尔说。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and elder, " said Rebull.
“星簇为恒星向上向下旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,年轻和年长,”RBUL说。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and old, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这种理论模型向两个方向移动,年轻和老。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said abull.
“星团为恒星向上向下旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,而这种理论模型则越来越年轻,也越来越老。”Abul说。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said inbull.
“星团为恒星向上向下旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,不论年轻还是老老,”Inbull说。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said tobull.
“星团为恒星向上向下旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,不论年轻还是老老,”托布尔说。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星降低他们的自旋速率和挂起他们的舞鞋,等等。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin speeds and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星减速和悬挂他们的舞蹈鞋,所以可以说。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rate and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星降低他们的自旋速度和悬挂他们的舞鞋,所以可以说。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin levels and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星减慢他们的自旋水平和悬挂他们的舞蹈鞋,等等。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin speed and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星减速和悬挂他们的舞蹈鞋,等等。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin points and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星减慢他们的自旋点和悬挂他们的舞蹈鞋,等等。
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在三份新论文中详细分析了雷亚德的自旋率,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
Rebull and her colleagues described their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在不久将在《天文学杂志》上发表的三份新论文中描述了他们最近对普莱德自旋率的分析。
Rebull and her colleagues presented their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在不久将在《天文学杂志》上发表的三份新论文中介绍了他们最近对Pleiades自旋率的分析。
Rebull and her colleagues summarized their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在不久将在《天文学杂志》上发表的三份新论文中总结了他们最近对普莱德自旋率的分析。
Rebull and her colleagues published their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在三份新论文中公布了他们最新的Pleiades自旋率分析,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
Rebull and her colleagues reported their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在三份新论文中报告了他们最近对普莱德自旋率的分析,这些论文不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Director of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理部主任郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人很可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处10米以上,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Officer of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理部主任郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section General of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理总区郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人很可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 40 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处40多米,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
" Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但是我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" While the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队非常专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" Though the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队非常专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" As the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
郑建君说:“由于南湖公园的营救队非常专业,我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。”
" Whilst the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
郑建君说:“虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。”
" Because the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
由于南湖公园的营救队非常专业,我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
韦头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化生态。
Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural environment.
韦头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化环境。
Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural biodiversity.
韦头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化生物多样性。
Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural dynamics.
韦头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化动力。
Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural evolution.
韦头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化演进。
Wai Tau Tsuen has a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
围头村有独特的海洋环境,有自然生态、文化生态等两种休闲旅游资源。
" However, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
" however, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
" But, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
但是,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们的停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。
" but, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
但是,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们的停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。
" and, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“而且,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们的停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
" of, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们的停车位价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的版本。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different variants in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界中仍有许多不同的变体。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different version in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的版本。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different interpretations in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的解释。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different variations in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的变体。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different explanations in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的解释。
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 甜薯的引入有三条主线.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the development of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 甜薯的开发有三条主线.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introducing of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 引入红薯主要有三条线.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the expansion of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 红薯的扩张主要有三条线.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the adoption of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 采用红薯主要有三条线.
In the present mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中,引入红薯主要有三条线。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、通信量最大的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and biggest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引入福州是影响最大、沟通最广的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and highest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引入福州是影响最大、沟通最紧密的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and greatest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、沟通最密切的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and most communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、沟通最密切的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and longest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引入福州是影响最大、沟通时间最长的系列。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将很快对统一收取社会团体会员费的情况进行专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will also carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室还将对社会团体会员费统一收据使用情况进行专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will will carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将开展社会团体会员费统一收据使用情况专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will in carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将开展社会团体会员费统一收据使用情况专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will [UNK] carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将就社会团体会员费统一收据的使用情况进行专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will be carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将开展社会团体会员费统一收据使用情况专项检查。
Inspection is divided into two categories, unit self-examination and spot inspection.
检查分为单位自检和现场检查两大类。
Inspection is divided into two categories, unit self-examination and spot examination.
检查分为单位自检和现场检查两大类。
Inspection is divided into two categories, unit self-inspection and spot inspection.
检查分为单位自检查和现场检查两大类。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal association said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
市政协会负责人表示,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal association wrote, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
市政协会负责人写道,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal association commented, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
市政协会负责人表示,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal association stated, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
市政协会负责人指出,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
里约奥组委在制订2012年奥林匹克运动会宣传战略的同时,表示“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的”。
" The success of the Olympic Games is determined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
“奥运会的成功取决于那些在社交媒体上分享故事的人,”里约热内卢奥组委说,同时制定了2012年奥运会的沟通策略。
" The success of the Olympic Games is characterized by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
里约奥组委说,奥运会的成功在于人们在社交媒体上分享故事,同时制定2012年奥运会的交流策略。
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories on social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
里约奥组委在制订2012年奥林匹克运动会宣传战略的同时,表示“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的”。
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories through social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
里约奥组委在制订2012年奥林匹克运动会宣传战略的同时表示,“通过社交媒体分享故事的人是奥运会成功与否的决定因素。”
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等各个方面都发生了许多变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news viewpoint and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻观点等各个方面都发生了很大的变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspectives and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻视角等方面都发生了许多变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news view and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻观等方面都发生了许多变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of change in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻视角等方面都发生了很大的变化。
the the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
在奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等各个方面都做了许多改变。
It seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It seems that the International Olympic Council and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥林匹克理事会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It seems that the International Olympic Committees and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It seems that the International Olympic Commission and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
On August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月11日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股的最后一天。新闻指出,股市的反应对前两天的市场并非特别。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
On August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from August 18.
8月11日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股的最后一天。新闻指出,股市的反应对前两天的市场并非特别。根据该计划,从8月18日起,该公司将在香港证券交易所上市。
A domestic brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名国内券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
A domestic brokerage analyst commented that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名国内券商分析师指出,《东方证券》在香港并未得到良好基础,只有它的资产管理业务才有实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
A domestic brokerage analyst quoted that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名国内券商分析师说,东方证券在香港没有良好的基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
A domestic brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital Management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名国内券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资本管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed evolution of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细情况取决于公司业务的详细发展,因此不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed developments of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,许多经纪商今年的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed growth of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细增长情况,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be localized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,因此不能被局限在本地。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be defined.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,许多经纪商今年的业绩出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,无法界定。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to resume the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个恢复购房限制的二线城市。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to start the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个开始限购的二线城市。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to commence the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个开始限购的二线城市。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to initiate the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个启动限购的二线城市。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to begin the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个开始限购的二线城市。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will be introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等二线城市也将实行房地产市场调控政策。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and regulation policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
Prior to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
在此之前,合肥是第一个发布贷款限制政策的人。对于那些在合肥有两套房和一栋住房贷款没有支付的人,银行会拒绝给他们抵押贷款服务。
the to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
至此,合肥率先对贷款政策作出限制。对于那些在合肥有两套房和一栋住房贷款未偿付的人,银行将拒绝给予他们抵押贷款服务。
in to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
为此,合肥率先对贷款政策作出限制。对于那些在合肥有两套房和一栋住房贷款未偿付的人,银行将拒绝给予他们的抵押贷款服务。
of to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
除此之外,合肥是第一个发布贷款限制政策的人。对于那些在合肥有两套房,而且有一套住房贷款没有支付的人,他们将被拒绝银行的抵押贷款服务。
and to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
因此合肥是第一个对贷款政策进行限制的人。对于那些在合肥有两套房,而且有一套住房贷款没有支付的人,银行将拒绝给他们按揭服务。
Prior to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites to Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
在此之前,合肥是第一个发布贷款限制政策的人。对于那些有两套合肥套房和一栋住房贷款没有支付的人,银行将拒绝给他们抵押贷款服务。
