28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead in San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
28-Year-Old Chef Found Missing at San Francisco Mall
遗失于旧金山街市的28年大厨
28-Year-Old Chef Found Murder at San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心被人谋杀
28-Year-Old Chef Found Death at San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心被发现死亡
28-Year-Old Chef Found Found at San Francisco Mall
28年大厨被发现于旧金山商场
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位28岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 32-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位32岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 27-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位27岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 34-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位34岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 23-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位23岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 30-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位30岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害人的弟弟说他想不出谁想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
and the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
受害者的兄弟说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
the the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
受害人的弟弟说他想不出任何人想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
to the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
对受害人的弟弟说,他想不出谁想伤害他,他说,“事情最终对他有利。”
in the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
在受害者兄弟说,他想不出谁想要伤害他,他说,“事情最终对他有利。”
of the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
受害者兄弟说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他,他说,“事情最终对他有利。”
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
the body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
and body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,周三早上在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为28岁的旧金山居民Frank Galicia。
to body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,周三早上,在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为旧金山居民Frank Galicia,现年28岁。
in body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体中,有28岁的旧金山居民Frank Galicia被发现。
of body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的遗体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victims's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线上厨师,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅(San Francisco Sons & Pholes)找到了他理想的线厨。
The deceased's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
死者的兄弟路易斯·加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线上厨师,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他的理想厨师。
The dead's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
死者的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线上厨师,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅(San Francisco Sons & Pholes)找到了他理想的线厨工作。
The murdered's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
被害者的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
the victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯·加利西亚对旧金山ABC电视台的KGO说,弗兰克以前是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by his death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shock and devastated " by his death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在这困难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示慰问和慰问。
Our wishes and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在此困难时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友致以问候和慰问。
Our memories and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在这个艰难的时刻,我们怀念和慰问着法兰克的家人和朋友.
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and colleagues at this difficult time.
在这个艰难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和同事们表示慰问和慰问。
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and associates at this difficult time.
在这困难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和同事表示慰问和慰问。
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friend at this difficult time.
在这困难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示慰问和慰问。
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克起初住在旅舍里, 但最近, “ 事情最终对他来说还不错. ”
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克最初住在旅舍里,但最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally working well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克起初住在旅舍里, 但最近, “ 事情终于对他有利了. ”
the Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
加利西亚人说,弗兰克最初住在旅舍里,但是最近,“事情最终对他来说是好的。”
and Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
和加利西亚说,弗兰克最初住在旅舍,但最近,“事情最终对他有利。”
to Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
对加利西亚说,弗兰克最初住在旅舍里,但最近,“事情最终对他来说是好的。”
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " a Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 加利西亚对KGO说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " The Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 加利西亚人告诉总经理.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " the Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 加利西亚人告诉总经理.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " he Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 加利西亚对KGO说.
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加利西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
and Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
加利西亚说,他想不出谁要伤害他的弟弟。
the Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
加利西亚人说他想不出谁要伤害他的弟弟。
of Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
加利西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
in Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
在加利西亚,他想不出谁想要伤害他的弟弟。
to Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
对加利西亚说,他想不出谁想要伤害他的弟弟。
He was a kind spirit with a big heart.
他是一个心地善良的人.
He is a kind spirit with a big heart.
他是个好心肠的人.
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, cooking us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, fixing us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们准备晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, serving us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,为我们提供晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, made us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, make us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。”路易斯·加利西亚说。
He never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
他从来不想在任何一种争吵中。
He never wanted to be in any sort of altercation.
他从来不想在任何一种争吵中.
He never wanted to be in any type of altercation.
他从来不想卷入任何争论.
He never wanted to be in any level of altercation.
他从来不想处于任何程度的争吵中.
He never wanted to be in any this of altercation.
他从来不想卷入这种争吵.
He never wanted to be in any physical of altercation.
他从来不想在任何物理上的争吵.
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不协调,他就是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" With everything all that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
他说:“所有事情都与这个世界不协调,他就是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石。”
" With everything everything that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“对于世界上所有出错的事,他都是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" In everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“在世界上其他所有事情上,他都是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" For everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“对于世界上其他一切事情来说,他都是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" After everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“在世界上出了什么毛病以后,他就是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 570-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPD提示电话570-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 410-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPD提示线,电话为410-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 41-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPD提示线,电话是41-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 911-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话是911-575-4444。
Anyone requesting information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
任何人如欲索取资料,请致电SFPD提款电话:415-575-4444。
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的工业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh occupational action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的职业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh trade action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的贸易行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh collective action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的集体行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh professional action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的专业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh strike action
少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的罢工行动
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial actions in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们关于新合同的争议中授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh labour action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们关于新合同的争议中授权新的劳工行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh trade action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的贸易行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh union action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会授权新的工会行动,在他们关于新合同的争议中。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh occupational action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们关于新合同的争议中授权新的职业行动。
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的产业行动.
The Young Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学会 ( BMA ) 的青年医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的工业行动.
The Junior Doctor Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的工业行动.
the Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学会(BMA)的初级医生委员会(JDC)要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的工业行动。
and Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学会(BMA)的初级医生委员会(JDC)要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的产业行动。
of Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会(BMA)的初级医师委员会(JDC)要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的产业行动。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
JDC说,部长们没有解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns regarding the contract.
联合发展委员会表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns over the contract.
JDC表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns concerning the contract.
JDC表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns on the contract.
JDC表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a partnership deal agreed with the BMA.
7月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成的一项合作协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a appointment deal agreed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA达成协议的预约协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a tenure deal agreed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA同意的保有权协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a GP deal agreed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA达成协议的医科医生协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a fellowship deal agreed with the BMA.
7月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成的一项研究金协议。
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员否决了该党.
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who participated in the ballot.
它被参加投票的58%的党员否决了.
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who vote in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员否决了该党.
It was rejected by 58 % of its Members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员否决了该议案.
It was approved by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员赞成.
to was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投了票的委员拒绝了他的要求。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)在致成员的信函中表示,政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
in a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)在致成员的信函中表示,政府一直对导致合同被否决的问题保持沉默。
of a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席EllenMcccourt在Twitter上向成员发出一封信,信中说,政府一直对导致合同被否决的问题保持沉默。
to a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席EllenMcccourt致信Twitter上公布,称政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
the a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席EllenMcCourt在Twitter上发布了致成员的信,信中说,政府一直对导致合同被否决的问题保持沉默。
a a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席EllenMcCourt在Twitter上发了一封信给成员,信中说,政府一直对导致合同被否决的问题保持沉默。
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to ask for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to refuse for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并拒绝就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for official re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,联合发展委员会行政总裁投票否决了新合约,并呼吁就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for immediate re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合约,并要求立即就你所关心的所有问题重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for mutual re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并呼吁双方就你所关心的所有问题重新展开谈判。”
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论已导致年青医生参加今年的六场罢工,包括国民保健制度历史上的首次全面罢工。
The dispute is led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论导致年青医生参加今年的六场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上的首次全面罢工。
The conflict has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场冲突导致年青医生参加了今年的六场罢工,包括国民保健制度历史上的首次全面罢工。
The dispute has resulted to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论已导致年青医生参加今年的六场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上的首次全面罢工。
the dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论已导致年青医生参加今年的六场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上的首次全面罢工。
and dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论导致年青医生参加了今年的六场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上的首次全面罢工。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票否决了BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
the BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖约翰·马拉瓦纳医生在投票否决了BMA建议的合同条款后辞职了。
of BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA初级医生的约翰·马拉瓦纳医生在投票否决了BMA建议的合同条款后辞职。
and BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票否决了BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
in BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
在BMA的初级医生领袖约翰·马拉瓦纳医生投票否决了BMA建议的通过谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
to BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
投票结果否决了BMA建议的合同条款,并辞职给BMA的初级医生约翰·马拉瓦纳医生。
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他曾经告诉BMA会员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加这次调查之前的会谈中,应该接受。
to had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加这次调查之前,我曾告诉BMA会员,这笔交易是件值得接受的好买卖。
the had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
在对5万4千名初级医生和医科学生进行民意调查之前的会晤中,他们告诉BMA成员,这笔交易是件值得接受的好买卖。
in had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
在对5万4千名初级医生和医科学生进行民意调查之前的会议上,Inform告诉BMA成员,这笔交易是件值得接受的好买卖。
and had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
并告知BMA成员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加调查前的会谈中,应该接受。
of had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
在对5万4千名初级医生和医科学生进行民意调查之前,他们告诉BMA会员,这笔交易是件值得接受的好买卖。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
the the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
在投票中,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
in the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
在表决中,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
of the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
在投票结果中,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
to the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
卫生部部长杰里米·亨特说,在英国,这个合同是强加给医生的。
and the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,在英国,这项合同将适用于医疗人员。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
the leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
星期二,俄罗斯和土耳其领导人会晤,握手并宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
of leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
星期二,俄罗斯和土耳其领导人会晤,握手并宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
and leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
星期二,俄罗斯和土耳其领导人相聚一堂,彼此握手,宣布为期八个月的言语战争和经济制裁正式结束。
to leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
星期二,俄罗斯和土耳其领导人会晤,彼此握手,宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
in leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
星期二,俄罗斯和土耳其领导人会晤,握手并宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
但是,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
and, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
the, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里迎接他的土耳其对应者时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
in, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里,弗拉基米尔·普京迎接土耳其的对应者时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这次和解。
to, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
至此,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里迎接他的土耳其对应者时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这次和解。
of, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里迎接他的土耳其对应者时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
There was the handshake, yes.
握手在那边,是的。
There was the handshake, no.
握手在那边,没有。
But Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
But Dr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京博士的微笑显得很薄,即使按照他自己的克制标准,他也几乎不感到温暖。
But Mrs Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京夫人的笑容显得很薄,即使按照他自己的克制标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
But the Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎不会感到温暖。
But The Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京的微笑显得很瘦弱,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也很难感到温暖。
But a Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是,普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎不感到温暖。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also vowed that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还发誓,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also promised that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
and also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
并保证与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
the also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
双方还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
to also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
也承诺与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The next morning one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天早上,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The next Monday one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
下星期一,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The last day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
最近的一天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The first day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第一天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The and day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
一份日报将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事。
To me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我来说,他的热情意味着相反。
To me, his enthusiasm implied the contrary.
对我来说,他的热情意味着相反。
To me, his enthusiasm implied something opposite.
对我来说,他的热情意味着相反的东西。
To me, his enthusiasm implied everything opposite.
对我来说, 他的热情意味着一切相反的东西.
To me, his enthusiasm implied a opposite.
对我来说, 他的热情意味着相反.
To me, his enthusiasm implied it opposite.
对我来说,他的热情意味着相反的。
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In and, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In to, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In of, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In the, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In was, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
莫斯科当时的反应是愤怒的。
Moscow's reaction at the time was fierce.
莫斯科当时的反应非常强烈。
Moscow's reaction at the day was furious.
莫斯科当天的反应是愤怒的。
Moscow's reaction at the meeting was furious.
莫斯科在会上的反应是愤怒的.
Moscow's reaction at the conference was furious.
莫斯科对会议的反应是愤怒的.
Moscow's reaction at the session was furious.
莫斯科在会上的反应是愤怒的.
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺杀莫斯科。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stab Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉在背后刺杀莫斯科。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Putin in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺伤普京的后背。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing State in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉在背后刺杀国家。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Russia in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉在背后刺杀俄罗斯。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Mr in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺伤了他的背部。
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, possibly impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的, 可能是不可能的.
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, maybe impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Russian public opinion has also turned since November.
自11月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has also turned since December.
自12月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has also turned since September.
自9月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has also turned since October.
自 10月 以来, 俄罗斯 的 舆论 也 有所 转变 。
Russian public opinion has also turned since February.
自2月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has also turned since July.
自7月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything.
突然之间,土耳其人似乎要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Ottomans were to blame for everything.
突然之间,奥斯曼人似乎要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turkish were to blame for everything.
突然之间,似乎土耳其人要为每件事负责。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most serious was accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most serious are accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most serious is accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most serious the accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most serious followed accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,在高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利后。
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
of all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
总之,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
and all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
the all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
总之,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
After fact, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
事实上,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
After what, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
此后,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
Russia could claim a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯可以宣称取得了某种程度的胜利.
Russia could claim a victory of sort.
俄罗斯可以宣称取得了某种程度的胜利.
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
of and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
最重要的是,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
to and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
最重要的是,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
the and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
最重要的是,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
and and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
并且最重要的是,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也动摇了他。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken his too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也动摇了他。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken himself too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也动摇了自己。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shook him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也令他感到震惊。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly disturbed him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也使他感到不安。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly rocked him too.
多次对土耳其的恐怖袭击显然也让他大吃一惊。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经严重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
and sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
特别是禁止包机的禁令,这些包机每年通常载着数百万俄罗斯游客前往土耳其海岸。
of sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
制裁令的禁令受到严厉打击,特别是禁止包机飞行,每年包机的俄罗斯游客通常数以百万计。
the sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
制裁 的 打击 很大, 特别是 禁止 包机, 因为 包机 每年 通常 载 着 几百万 名 俄罗斯 游客 前往 土耳其 海岸 。
to sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
对制裁的严厉打击,特别是对包机的禁令,这种包机每年通常运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
in sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
在制裁中,对包机的禁令受到严厉打击,特别是禁止每年运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸的包机。
The number has slumped by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下降了近90%.
The number has slumped by almost 70 %.
这个数字已经下跌了近70%.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will definitely be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
of for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
对俄罗斯来说,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
to for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
对俄罗斯来说,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
the for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
对俄罗斯来说,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
and for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
对俄罗斯来说,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
They're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
他们正在迎晚期奔赴地中海。
They're banking on a late-season hurry to the Mediterranean.
他们正在一家晚期快来地中海的银行。
They're banking on a late-season dash to the Mediterranean.
他们正在迎晚赛季奔赴地中海。
They're banking on a late-season trip to the Mediterranean.
他们准备在下个赛季后期去地中海旅行。
They're banking on a late-season lift to the Mediterranean.
他们正搭乘晚期的电梯飞往地中海。
They're banking on a late-season drive to the Mediterranean.
他们开着晚季车去地中海的银行业务。
And even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
and even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
the even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也预测,一旦土耳其农业进口再次获准,水果和蔬菜的价格将会更低。
to even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
至本周,国家电视台一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
in even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使在本周,国家电视台也预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
of even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜的价格就会更低。
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report of Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Travelists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的旅行者, 这里的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourismists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的旅游者, 这里的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Theists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 论者们, 这里的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak reaction to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应微弱。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it thinks a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应微弱。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it believes a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方感到愤怒,因为它认为对收购企图反应微弱。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it views a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应微弱。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it sees a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方感到愤怒,因为它认为对收购企图的反应微弱。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他渴望利用伊朗的寒冷情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to this its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他热衷于利用寒冷的情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to it its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,他渴望利用伊朗的寒冷情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that a long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,他渴望利用伊朗的寒冷情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that their long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,他们还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,并加入普京。 普京热衷于利用寒冷的情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that the long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,对加入欧盟的螺丝般谈判步伐的怨恨也一直存在,而普京则热衷于利用寒冷的情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
在未遂政变后,这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持民选当局而赢得安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support all the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
这位俄罗斯领导人在未遂政变后呼吁支持所有民选当局,当然赢得了安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the incumbent authorities after the attempted coup.
在未遂政变后,这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持现任当局,当然赢得了安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the interim authorities after the attempted coup.
这位俄罗斯领导人在未遂政变后呼吁支持临时当局,当然赢得了安卡拉的加分。
The Russia leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
俄罗斯领导人在未遂政变后呼吁支持民选当局,当然赢得了安卡拉的加分。
the Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
在未遂政变后,这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持民选当局而赢得安卡拉的加分。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
to you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
对你们来说,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
of you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
对你们来说,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
and you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
以及你,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
the you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
你,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
Mind me, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
So the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这座光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方抛弃和虐待,并加入其中。
So a summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这片光辉的海边宫殿举行的峰会让俄罗斯和土耳其得以展示一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方国家所拒绝和虐待,并加入其中。
So our summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,我们在这个光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,让俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,并加入其中。
So The summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这个光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方国家所拒绝和虐待,并加入其中。
the the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
在这座光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,加入军队。
to the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
在这座光辉的海边宫殿的顶峰上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,加入军队。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
the, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管公开显示和解,但两者仍有重大分歧。
and, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管公开显示和解,但两者仍有重大分歧。
in, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管公开显示和解,但两者仍有重大分歧。
to, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管公开显示和解,但两者仍有重大分歧。
of, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管公开显示和解,但两者仍有重大分歧。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
the key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
and key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键的一是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直表现为和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
in key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键一是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
to key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键一是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直表现为和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
of key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键的一是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
It could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It might be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,经过近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在一次新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It can be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It was be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
in could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈之后,两位总统在一次新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
the could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈之后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
in's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
总统故意避免回答关于他们分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
the's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
普京总统故意避免回答关于他们分歧的问题,而选择强调这些分歧。
and's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
总统故意避免回答关于他们分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
to's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
总统故意避免回答关于他们分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
of's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
总统故意避免回答关于他们分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
在他们如何在叙利亚问题上寻求共同点的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they can pursue common ground on Syria.
在他们如何在叙利亚问题上寻求共同点的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they can adopt common ground on Syria.
在叙利亚问题上,双方在什么地方可以采取共同立场的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they can achieve common ground on Syria.
在叙利亚如何达成共识的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they can discuss common ground on Syria.
在他们可以讨论叙利亚问题上共同立场的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they can reach common ground on Syria.
在叙利亚如何达成共识的问题上没有明确的共识。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机可能带来极端灾难,两位领导人至少再次会谈当然会更好。
But after weeks of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数周的公开敌意之后——鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时可能爆发极端灾难——两位领导人至少再次对话当然更好了。
and after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
当北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机后,几个月的公开敌意也有可能爆发灾难。 两位领导人至少再谈一次,这无疑是更好的了。
the after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
当北约成员土耳其击落那架俄罗斯战斗机时,发生了数月的公开敌意,而且鉴于可能发生极端灾难,两位领导人至少再次会谈当然更好了。
of after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
当北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时,由于公开的敌意,并鉴于可能发生极端灾难,两位领导人至少要再次会谈,这无疑是更好的了。
in after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
在经历了几个月的公开敌意之后,而且鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时可能发生极端灾难,两位领导人至少再谈一次当然更好了。
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行消失在苏格兰以外的客户面前
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers abroad Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行将退出海外客户
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers in Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行将消失,成为苏格兰的客户
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers overseas Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行将消失,成为海外客户
The brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌将被降格为后台。
the brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌将被降格为后台。
of brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该行的品牌RBS将被降格为后台。
and brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,RBS将被降格为后台。
to brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,苏格兰皇家银行将被降格为后台公司。
The name RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,苏格兰皇家银行(RBS)将被降格为后台。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)将在苏格兰境外消失。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers in Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行将在苏格兰消失。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated to the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was identified with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心一致。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was synonymous with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩告诉英国广播公司(BBC)苏格兰分公司(BBC),该品牌是该行全球雄心壮志的代名词。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was aligned with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心一致。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自8年前几乎崩溃以来,它已经从他们那里撤离,不得不得到纾困。
It has advanced from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自八年前几乎崩溃以来,政府就从中挺身而出,不得不得到纾困。
It has moved from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自8年前几乎崩溃以来,政府就已经摆脱了这种困境,不得不得到纾困。
It has weakened from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自8年前几乎崩溃以来,政府就已经从他们身上削弱,不得不得到纾困。
It has collapsed from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自八年前几乎倒塌以来,地震就已经坍塌了,不得不得到纾困。
It has fallen from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自8年前几乎崩溃以来,危机就已经从他们身上消失,不得不得到纾困。
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
in that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在那个时候,品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌。
the that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
那时, 品牌策略师们用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
of that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在那个时候,品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌。
and that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
那时, 品牌策略师们用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
to that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
至此,品牌策略师已经使用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌。
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
It was supported with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·默里,它得到了数百万英镑的支持。
It was funded with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·默里,它得到了数百万英镑的赞助。
It was helped with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·默里,有数百万英镑的帮助。
It was launched with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
它的发起者是数百万英镑的国际体育赞助,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·默里。
It was accompanied with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际体育赛事方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数以百万计的英镑。
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但是现在, 人们认为让更多本土品牌上台是正确的.
and now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
现在,人们已经判定让更多本土品牌上台是正确的。
of now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
现在,人们已经判定让更多本土品牌上市是正确的。
the now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
现在,人们已经判定让更多本土品牌上台是正确的。
to now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
到目前为止,人们一直认为让更多本土品牌上台是正确的。
But today, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但如今,人们却认为让更多本土品牌上台是正确的。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于苏格兰客户,但不会被授权。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish clients, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将和苏格兰客户一起使用,但不会被剔除。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish users, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将使用苏格兰用户,但不会被授权。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
In Ireland and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在爱尔兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为NatWest。
In English and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英国和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
in England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
and England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为纳特·韦斯特(NatWest)。
of England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为NatWest。
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in The Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in Ireland Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰、爱尔兰和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in in Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
在爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰,Ulster Bank品牌已经供客户使用。
the Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
and Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
和Ulster Bank品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands of private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,它们将获得更多声誉——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are new, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业有一些新的、较小的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫:Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands for Private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他较小的品牌,这些品牌将获得更多关注——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands for private banks, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行还有其他较小的品牌,这些品牌将获得更多关注——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, larger brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较大的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次客户和员工参观中,麦凯恩接受了采访。
the McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次顾客和员工参观中,麦凯恩接受了采访。
of McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次顾客和员工参观中,McEwan接受了采访。
and McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的客户和员工参观期间,McEwan接受了采访。
to McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次顾客和员工参观中,对McEwan进行了采访。
in McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在McEwan,在Inverness-shire的一次顾客和员工参观中接受了采访。
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
随着该银行自身成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS was the global brand.
随着该银行自身成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有地方抱负。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local ambitions.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有地方抱负。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自社区中完全不同的事物,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Each each of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
每个品牌在他们自己的社区里都会代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
the one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
其中一个品牌在他们自己的社区里会代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
of one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
其中一个品牌在他们自己的社区里会代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
and one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
其中一个品牌在他们自己的社区里将代表某种完全不同的东西,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
to one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
对其中一个品牌来说,在他们自己的社区里会代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员会在这些品牌下与客户合作。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
toS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
已经声明不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且在体育赞助活动中不断提升不同品牌的形象。
andS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
和S已经声明不再继续其六国赞助,并且它一直在提高不同品牌在它的体育赞助中的形象。
inS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
InS已经表示,它将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且它一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
theS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
韩国体育局已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,而且在体育赞助活动中也提高了不同品牌的形象。
ofS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
美国体育协会已经表示,它不会继续其六国赞助活动,并且它一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在我们转移到品牌银行的时机已经成熟,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
" This time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“这次我们转移到品牌银行是对的,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们是如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行的呢?”
" It time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候了,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
" We time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“我们转移到品牌银行的时间是正确的,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
" the time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
" The time was right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“我们转移到品牌银行的时机是正确的,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们是如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行的呢?”
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
三年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
the would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
如果三年前我们说我们会成为客户的好银行,然后把这些品牌放出去,那会是相当愤世嫉俗的。
in would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
如果三年前我们说过我们会成为客户的伟大银行,然后把这些品牌放在那里的话,那会是很愤世嫉俗的。
a would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
如果三年前我们说过我们会成为客户的好银行,然后把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
to would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
如果三年前我们说过我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那会变得非常愤世嫉俗。
of would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
如果三年前我们说过我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But with that work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是由于我们一直在做的那些工作,专注于客户的需要,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But with s work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需要,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你看到了很多变化。
But with a work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是,通过我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But with in work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是在工作上我们一直在做,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你看到了很多变化。
and with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你看到了很多变化。
We can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌重新带回来,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
We can bring those brands back up again, and I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌重新带回来,我认为时机已经合适了。
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了3000名优胜者
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Doncaster on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在唐卡斯特的比赛中获胜,夺冠的胜者达到3000人
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Cheltenham on Predilection
在切尔滕纳姆的比赛中,弗兰基·迪托利夺冠,夺冠的胜者达到3000人
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Racecourse on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在竞赛比赛中获得3000名优胜者
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at York on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在约克的“优胜”比赛中夺冠,夺冠的胜者达到3000人
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Derby on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在德比比赛中获胜,夺得了3000名冠军
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在纽市的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜一筹
Dettori sprays champagne after a triple at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托里在新市场三度喷洒香槟,他以3000胜一筹
Dettori sprays champagne after a Double at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在纽约双人赛后喷洒香槟,夺冠3000人次
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Doncaster takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在唐卡斯特的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜出
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Cheltenham takes him to 3, 000 wins
戴托利在切尔滕纳姆的双人赛后喷洒香槟,夺冠3000人次
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Derby takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在德比的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜出
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
上周五,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在纽市,夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Gockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
上周五,哥奇·弗兰基·迪托利在纽市,夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Jckey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
周五,杰基·弗兰基·迪托里在纽市场夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Dickey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
迪克·弗兰基·迪托里周五在纽市获得他的3000名英国冠军。
theckey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
星期五,弗兰基·迪托利在新市场夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第二个获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
He brought off the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第二名获奖者一起从地标上跳了下来。
He took up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中和他晚上的第二个获胜者一起登上了地标。
He set up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径专辑《掠夺》中,与他晚上的第二名获奖者一起搭建了地标。
He put up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第二个获胜者一起树立了地标。
He pushed up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第二名获胜者一起推高了地标。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to achieve the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利人是第六个在平板赛跑中取得里程碑的骑师。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach this landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利人是第六个在平板赛跑中到达这个里程碑的骑师。
the 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
of 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
在平板赛中,45岁的意大利人是第六个登上标志性赛车的骑师。
to 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
以45岁的意大利人为第六骑师到达平板赛的标志性赛车。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 雷斯脱·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
He shows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他展示了戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
He features Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他专访戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
He introduces Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他介绍了戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 雷斯脱·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
He tracks Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他追踪戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
He includes Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他包括戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
曾经三次夺冠的赛车手迪托利在加亚尔的比赛中获胜,他说: “ 这是特别的. ”
to-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
早些时候在加伊亚尔比赛中获胜的赛马冠军德托里说:“这很特别。”
of-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
德多里(Dettori),他早先在加亚亚(Ghayyar)的比赛中获胜,他说:“这很特别。”
and-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
戴托利(Dettori),他早先在加亚亚(Ghayyar)的比赛中获胜,他说:“这很特别。”
in-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
赛季冠军迪托里在加亚尔的比赛中获胜,他说:“这很特别。”
the-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
当时的赛车冠军德托里在加亚尔的比赛中获胜,他说:“这很特别。”
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this was where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this this where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is there I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket as this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket since this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这是我30年前登陆的地方。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 20, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有20,000人。
the's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 20, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,这不是皇家阿斯科特-这是平凡的星期五晚上,有20,000人。
to's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 20, 000 people.
这并不是一个大型会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有20,000人。
in's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 20, 000 people.
在不是什么大型会议,这不是皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有20,000人。
of's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 20, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有20,000人。
a's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 20, 000 people.
A不是什么大聚会,也不是皇家阿斯科特——星期五晚上很平凡,有20,000人。
I'm relieved and very humble.
我松了一口气,很谦卑.
I'm relieved and very proud.
我松了一口气,很自豪.
I'm relieved and very thankful.
我松了一口气,非常感激.
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进喜悦,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he throws in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后投向喜悦,他深深地陶醉了人们的欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he puts in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后装饰时浸泡着欢呼声
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he forces in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后强迫他参加“优选”活动时,把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he tries in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后努力拼搏时,把欢呼声冲高了
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he comes in Predilection after victory
迪托里在胜利后参加比赛时,沉浸在欢呼声中
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次的冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey David Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马士在跳跃赛跑冠军大卫·约翰逊和退役20次冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)中达到了里程碑,在创纪录的职业生涯中,他获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Peter Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马骑师已经进入了跳跃赛跑冠军彼得·约翰逊(Peter Johnson)的里程碑,还有20次退役冠军安东尼·麦科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Roger Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马骑师已经进入了跳跃赛跑冠军的里程碑——罗杰·约翰逊和退役20次冠军的安东尼·麦科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy),他在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey John Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马骑师已经进入了跳跃赛跑冠军约翰·约翰逊(John John)和退役20次冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)的里程碑。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Bernard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马骑师在跳越赛马比赛中达到了里程碑,他和退役的20次冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得分手,4次,493次生涯获奖
Lester Piggott, nine-time Oaks winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,九届橡树大赛的获胜者,4,493人
Lester Piggott, nine-time Stakes winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,九次夺冠,4次,493次生涯获奖
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winners, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,九届德比冠军,4,493人
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winning, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得分手,4次,493次生涯胜利
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby champion, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,九届德比赛冠军,4,493人
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的如此之少,这是不足为奇的。
and is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
并且是现代最好的骑师之一,毫不奇怪,他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经达到如此之少的成就。
a is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
A是现代最好的骑师之一,他到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经达到如此之少的成就,这是不足为奇的。
the is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
这是现代最好的骑师之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,这在他之前是很少实现的,这是不足为奇的。
in is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
这是现代最好的骑师之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,这在他之前是很少实现的,这是不足为奇的。
of is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
他是现代最优秀的骑师之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,这在他之前是那么的少。
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又强壮,但是在称重室里,他和别人区别开来的是他的战术内涵。
and is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
并且很时髦,很强壮,但是使他在称重室里与别人区别的却是他的战术内涵。
of is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
虽然他很时髦,很健壮,但是在称重室里,他和别人区别开来的是他的战术内涵。
to is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
时尚而强健,但正是他的战术内涵使他在称重室里与众不同。
the is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
时尚而强壮,但是使他在称重室里与众不同的是他的战术内涵。
in is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
里面很时髦,很结实,但是重量室里把他与别人区别开来的是他的战术内涵。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
the is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
这是一位出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引着球迷参加比赛。
in is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引着球迷加入这项运动。
to is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引着球迷加入这项运动。
and is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引着球迷加入这项运动。
a is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
A是一位出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引着球迷。
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不只是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个赢家!
I bet to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
我敢打赌,几个星期前在埃普索姆,弗兰基如果不是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个赢家!
I says to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
我几周前在埃普森对弗兰基说,如果他不只是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个赢家!
I said with Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在埃普索姆跟弗兰基说过,如果他不是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个赢家!
I said to Tommy a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对汤米说,如果他不是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个冠军!
I said to Jimmy a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在埃普索姆对吉米说,如果他不是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个冠军!
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,弗兰基在过去30年中,在英国的比赛中,他一直是赢家,这非常值得一看。
Seriously though, Danny's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,丹尼30年来在英国的比赛中一直是赢家,这很好看。
Seriously though, Phil's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,30年来,菲尔在英国的比赛中一直是赢家,这非常值得一看。
Seriously though, Steve's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,史蒂夫30年来在英国的比赛中一直是冠军,这很好看。
Seriously though, Frank's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,在30年的比赛中,弗兰克在英国的胜出者已经度过了最好的一段时间,这非常值得一看。
Seriously though, he's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,30年来他一直是英国队的冠军,这很好看。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
the's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
这个性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是个难以置信的骑师。
to's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他是一个活泼的人物,对英国的赛车很有好处,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
of's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
的性格活泼,对英国赛车有益,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
in's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他是一个活泼的人物,对英国的赛车很有好处,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑手。
a's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
A是一个活泼的人物,对英国的赛车很有好处,但是不止于此,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多里用飞翔下山的商标庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a signature flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利用一个签名飞行下山庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a distinctive flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利以一个与众不同的飞翔下山庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a famed flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利用著名的飞翔式登山庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a classic flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多利用经典的飞翔式登山庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a famous flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多里用一个著名的飞翔下山庆祝了这个里程碑
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞行终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From flying finish to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞行结束到下山飞翔,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From flying finishing to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞行终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From flying hurdles to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞栏到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From flying qualifiers to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞行限定语到飞翔下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛场的海报男孩。
From flying heats to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞热到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
It has been a rollercoaster ride.
那是一次过山车旅行.
It has been a rollercoa coaster ride.
那是一次过山车旅行.
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特在内的大批大赛冠军,但他也幸免于难,并服下了毒品禁令。
ofacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“7号阿斯科特号巨星”在内的大赛冠军的背包,但他也幸免于难,服下了禁药令。
andacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“7号阿斯科特号”巨星在内的大赛冠军的背包,但他也幸免于难,服下了禁药令。
theacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“7号阿斯科特号巨星”在内的大赛冠军的游戏,但他也幸免于难,服下了禁药令。
toacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“7号阿斯科特号”巨星在内的一些大赛冠军,他也幸免于难,并服下了禁药令。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他起初挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
the years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
几年前,他刚从那六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时就挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
and years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
早在几年前,他刚从那六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时就挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
of years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
早在几年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他开始挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
to years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
早在几年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他起初一直挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
in years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
早在几年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他开始挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
And he may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
迪托里之前曾说过,他想继续比赛,至少要到50岁。
And it may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
在一段时间内可能无法完成,迪托里之前曾说过他希望继续比赛,至少直到50岁。
And his may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
迪托里之前曾说过,他希望继续比赛,至少要到50岁。
And the may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
在一段时间内可能无法完成,迪托里之前曾说过他希望继续比赛,至少直到50岁。
And this may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
这在一段时间内可能无法完成,迪托里之前曾说过他希望继续比赛,至少直到50岁。
And in may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
在一段时间内可能无法完成,迪托里之前曾说过他希望继续比赛,至少直到50岁。
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of budget Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的麻袋预算总裁谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of corps Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯普京军团队长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
of's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
普京的麻袋参谋长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
the's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
and's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
以及普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔?普京(Vladimir Putin)出乎意料地解雇了他的幕僚长谢尔盖?伊万诺夫(Sergei Ivanov)。
of President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
普京(Vladimir Putin)出乎意料地解除了他的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫(Sergei Ivanov)。
the President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
弗拉基米尔·普京总统意外地解雇了他的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫。
and President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
普京(Vladimir Putin)意外地解雇了他的幕僚长Sergei Ivanov。
in President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
普京(Vladimir Putin)出乎意料地解雇了他的幕僚长Sergei Ivanov。
to President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
普京(Vladimir Putin)出乎意料地解雇了他的幕僚长Sergei Ivanov。
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
the Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京信任的内圈的一部分。
and Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
of Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
to Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
Mr Denisov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,杰尼索夫先生一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
the 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
to 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 至 63 岁 的 人 担任 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
and 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
of 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 担任 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
in 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现年63岁,已被任命为负责环境及运输问题的特别代表。
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明说,普京“已经下令解除伊万诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但没有给出任何理由。
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as chief of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明称普京“下令解除伊凡诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但没有给出任何理由。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Yanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,亚诺夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Antonov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,安东诺夫先生的副手安东诺夫·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Denisov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年以来,杰尼索夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Borisov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,鲍里索夫先生的副手Anton Vaino被任命为他的继任者。
and Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊万诺夫的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 前 外交官 。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former ambassador.
瓦伊诺先生,44岁,前任大使。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a retired diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 退休 外交官 。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林,毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院(MMIMO ),在东京大使馆任职。
Born in a Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林, 毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ),在东京大使馆任职.
Born in of Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林, 毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ),在东京大使馆任职.
of in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
他于1972年在爱沙尼亚首都塔林毕业,毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院(MMIMO),在东京大使馆任职。
to in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年, 他 毕业 于 著名 的 莫斯科 国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ), 并 在 东京大使馆 任职 。
and in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年在爱沙尼亚首都塔林,他毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院(MMIMO),在东京大使馆任职。
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
被任命后, 他对普京说: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
in being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
在被任命时,他告诉普京:“谢谢您的信任。”
to being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
在被任命之前,他告诉普京:“谢谢您的信任。”
of being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
他对普京说:“谢谢您的信任。”
and being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
在被任命后,他告诉普京:“谢谢您的信任。”
the being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
他对普京说:“谢谢您的信任。”
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I believe the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I feel the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我觉得政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I understand the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我理解本届政府最重要的任务就是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think your administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为贵政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think our administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为我们政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
the Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺代替他。
to Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
星期五,普京对一家俄罗斯电视台说伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
and Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺取代他的位置。
of Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺取代他的位置。
in Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京总统于上周五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求撤职,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Do the smiles convince ?
微笑是否令人信服?
Do the smiles persuade ?
微笑是否令人信服?
This is a move that has mystified Moscow.
此举使莫斯科神秘化。
This is a move that has mystified Russia.
此举使俄罗斯神秘化。
This is a move that has mystified Washington.
这是华盛顿神秘化的举动。
This is a move that has mystified Putin.
这一举动令普京迷惑不解。
This is a move that has mystified us.
这是一个使我们迷惑不解的举动。
This is a move that has mystified him.
这是使他迷惑不解的举动.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
谢尔盖·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
Sergei Ivanov is long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
谢尔盖·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,他和他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃服役。
Sergei Denisov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
谢尔盖·杰尼索夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
and Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
the Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
伊万诺夫一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
of Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是这个国家最有势力的人之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most power men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是这个国家权力最强的人之一。
As Chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为参谋长,他是该国最有势力的人之一。
As commander of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为参谋部的指挥官,他是国内最有势力的人之一.
As head of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是这个国家最有势力的人之一。
As minister of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为内阁大臣,他是这个国家最有势力的人之一.
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
in a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
to a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
of a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求辞职的。
the a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
and a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
和普京总统会面时,两人都声称参谋长是在他的要求下下台的。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-particularly now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑着,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是现在,就在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially today, just before parliamentary elections.
但是,尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在今天,也就是议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially still, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially suddenly, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在国会奄前的突然间。
in despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
尽管这里的摄影机微笑着,但是几乎没有人相信——尤其是现在,在议会选举之前。
So is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this the fall-out from some sort of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this the fall-out from some type of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this the fall-out from some kind political power struggle ?
那么,这是某种政治权力斗争的结果吗?
So is this the fall-out from some kind faction power struggle ?
那么,这是某种派系权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this the fall-out from some kind government power struggle ?
那么,这是某种政府权力斗争的结果吗?
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But his official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但是,他的官方说法——曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策——却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But a official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但是,一位官员宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But The official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但是这位官员声称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
in the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人,突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
the the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人,突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是“麻烦”职位,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Borisov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,鲍里索夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是“麻烦”职位,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " I's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,我确实在一次谈话中要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是够麻烦的,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " It's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,我确实在一次谈话中要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是够麻烦的,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, the Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,甚至你也可以说4年的麻烦事。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, a Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,一位伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,甚至你也可以说4年的麻烦事。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零8个月了。
of, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
其中,我担任总统办公室主任已有4年零8个月了。
to, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
结果证明,我担任总统办公室主任已有4年零8个月了。
and, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
而且,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零8个月了。
the, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
结果证明,我担任总统办公室主任已有4年零8个月了。
Well, the turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零8个月了。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.
伊万诺夫先生于2011年12月上任。
Mr Borisov took up the post in December 2011.
2011年12月,鲍里索夫先生上任。
Mr Denisov took up the post in December 2011.
2011年12月,杰尼索夫先生上任。
He served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他以前曾担任过副总理和国防部长.
and served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾任副总理兼国防部长。
the served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾担任过副总理和国防部长。
in served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾任副总理兼国防部长。
to served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾任副总理兼国防部长。
of served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
曾任副总理和国防部长。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全部门的前成员,像普京先生。
He has a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
他有俄罗斯安全理事会成员和前克格勃国家安全局成员,如普京先生。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB State security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
and is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
曾任俄罗斯安全理事会成员,前克格勃国家安全部门成员,如普京先生。
the is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
他既是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
in is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
内是俄罗斯安全理事会成员和克格勃国家安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
1990年代末期,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
in the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
上世纪90年代末,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB)局长时,伊凡诺夫被任命为他的副手。
the the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
上世纪90年代末,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB)局长时,伊凡诺夫被任命为他的副手。
of the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
在上世纪90年代末,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB)局长时,伊凡诺夫被任命为他的副手。
and the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
1990年代末,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB)局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
to the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
直到20世纪90年代末,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB)局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
When Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他把伊万诺夫列为他最信任的五个人之一。
the Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
普京上台后,他任命伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五个人之一。
and Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
普京上台后,他任命伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五个人之一。
in Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
在普京上台后,他任命伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五个人之一。
to Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
在普京上台后,他任命伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五个人之一。
of Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
在普京上台后,他任命伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五个人之一。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
the was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
in was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
to was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
曾经一度认为伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而作为普京的第三任期,是不符合宪法的。
a was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
有人曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
of was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
曾经一度认为伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而作为普京的第三任期,是不符合宪法的。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当上了总理,仅三年半后。
the Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当上了总理,仅三年半后。
and Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当上了总理,仅三年半后。
of Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当选总理,仅三年半后。
to Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
在普京就任总理之前,仅仅三年半后他又回到了总统职位。
Mr Putin remained prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前一直担任总理,仅三年半后。
Mystery as fish land in Banff garden
在班夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
Mystery as fish land in Baiff garden
在白夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
Mystery as fish land in Lowff garden
在罗夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
Mystery as fish land in Baff garden
在巴夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
Mystery as fish land in Bff garden
鱼的田野,如鱼的田野般神秘
Mystery as fish land in Kiff garden
在吉夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have seen in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别在班夫花园里看到的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have discovered in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子恳求帮助,以确定在班夫花园里发现的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have found in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别在班夫花园里发现的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have spotted in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别在班夫花园中发现的鱼。
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels sediment by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这75只鱼类可能是沙鳗鱼通过喷水池沉淀的.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels sediments by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这75只鱼类可能是水喷泉的沙鳗鱼沉淀物.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposits by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这75只鱼类可能通过喷水池的砂鳗鱼沉积.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在距海约500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
the Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩人住在距海约500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了照片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
of Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在离海500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了照片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
and Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩的外形距海约500米,他在巡视镜上贴了照片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
in Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
在距海约500米的贝恩,在旁观镜上张贴了这幅眼镜的镜头,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
to Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在距海约500米的地方,他把眼镜贴在巡视镜上,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now connected to Fife
王后渡轮过桥:大桥现已接驳至法夫
Queensferry Crossing : bridge now connected to Fife
王后渡轮过桥:大桥现已接驳至法夫(Fife)
Queensferry Crossing : Crossing now connected to Fife
过马车:过马车现在连着法夫
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge also connected to Fife
王后渡轮渡过:大桥亦连系于法夫
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge Now connected to Fife
王后渡轮过桥:大桥现已接驳到飞碟
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成
the £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
现计划于2017年5月完成,金额为1350亿英镑
a £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
a 135亿英镑的项目定于2017年5月完成
and £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
和1亿3千5百万英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成
in £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
工程项目现定于2017年5月完成
of £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
150亿英镑的项目现定于2017年5月完成
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It its the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It the the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It was the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It it the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It this the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间四座关闭的首座,现在桥的三座塔的每个塔楼都接近完工。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重30, 000吨.
the bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重30 000吨。
to bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
从费夫到桥段目前长600米,重30 000吨。
I bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
我从费夫桥段目前长600米,重30 000吨。
and bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
和桥段从法夫目前是600米长和重量30,000吨。
of bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重30 000吨。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete a 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土,46条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete of 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土,其中有46条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete the 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢铁和20 000吨混凝土,46条留置电缆。
It had 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It have 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
The £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
这个价值1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成.
the £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成。
and £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
和1350亿英镑的项目,现定于2017年5月完成。
a £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
a 135亿英镑的项目现定于2017年5月完成。
to £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
至1350亿英镑的项目现定于2017年5月完成。
of £1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
150亿英镑的项目现定于2017年5月完成。
Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地走向大桥。
Economy secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地走向大桥。
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长基思·布朗今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
Economy minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长基思·布朗今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
Economy Speaker Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济发言人KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
Economy Member Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济会员KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地走向大桥。
He said : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He spoke : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He commented : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他评论道: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He announced : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他宣布: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He was : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,具有象征意义.
and said : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
并说:"这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,具有象征意义。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有超过3万吨的混凝土和钢铁仅仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
We's all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有3万多吨的混凝土和钢材仅仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
We'll all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都将见证这个工程的史无前例的规模,有超过30 000吨的混凝土和钢材仅仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
to're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
在这个项目上,我们目睹了巨大的工程,有超过30,000吨的混凝土和钢材被用来建造这座桥的这一部分。
and're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
在这个项目上,我们目睹了真正的史无前例的工程,有3万多吨的混凝土和钢材被用来建造这座桥的这一部分。
of're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
在这个项目上,我们目睹了巨大的工程,有3万多吨的混凝土和钢材被用来建造这座桥的这一部分。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管大桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite a massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高尔夫桥和桥甲板之间的关闭,这是一个精密的操作,涉及非常精确的公差来配合。
of the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
高架桥与桥甲板之间连接的桥梁的巨大尺寸和重量是一个非常精密的操作,包含非常精确的适配公差。
the the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
高架桥与桥甲板之间的桥梁的庞大尺寸和重量是一个非常精密的操作,包含非常精确的适配公差。
to the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
高架桥与桥甲板之间连接的桥梁的体积大,重量大,操作精细,尺寸非常精确。
a the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
高架桥和桥甲板之间的桥梁的庞大尺寸和重量是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的尺寸来配合。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前将近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上被拆卸了。
Overall, almost 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前几乎79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上被拆卸了。
Overall, over 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,79%以上的桥面已经就位,最后的部分是今天在罗西丝浇筑的混凝土桥面,这意味着所有的桥面已经准备好被提升到桥面上的位置了。
Overall, approximately 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前总桥面的79%左右已经就位,最后的甲板部分是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上被拆卸了。
Overall, around 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,79%左右的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上被拆卸了。
Overall, nearly 78 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,桥面总板块的近78%已经就位,最后的部分是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好被抬到桥上了。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?马丁(MichaelMartin)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
Michael Wilson, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?威尔逊(MichaelWilson)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
Michael Ross, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossCrossBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?罗斯(MichaelRoss)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
Michael Craig, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossCraig,ForthCrossBridgeCulturingors项目主任说:"任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
of Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
对马丁说,ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任说:"任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
and Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
和马丁,ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任说:"任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
On this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
On this fantastic project, this closure represents top edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了顶尖的土木工程.
On this fantastic project, this closure represents advanced edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程中, 这个关闭代表了先进的边缘土木工程.
On this fantastic project, this closure represents key edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了关键边缘的土木工程.
On this fantastic project, this closure represents working edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程中, 这个关闭代表了工作边缘的土木工程.
On this fantastic project, this closure represents master edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程中, 这个关闭代表了主边缘土木工程.
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
the installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
安装最后的公路甲板段,连接到扩建的北塔路甲板上,然后我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
and installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
然后安装最后一条路面,连接到扩建的北塔路面,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
of installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
安装最后的公路甲板段,连接到扩建的北塔路甲板,然后我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
to installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
为了安装最后一条路面,连接到扩建的北塔路面,我们不得不关闭北岸或陆岸的缺口。
in installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装最后的公路甲板段,并将其连接到扩建的北塔公路甲板上时,我们不得不向北或向陆侧关闭剩余的缺口。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
这是通过将北面高管向南移动700毫米来完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 mm southwards.
这是通过将北面高管向南移动700mm来完成的.
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 centimetres southwards.
这是通过将北面高管向南移动700厘米来完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 metres southwards.
这 是 通过 将 北部 高管 朝南 700 米 处 开进 来 完成 的 。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 inches southwards.
这是通过向南移动700英寸高架高架通道完成的.
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 yards southwards.
这是通过将北面高架通道南移700码来完成的.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米, 重约6000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度.
theive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
是因为高管有222米长,重约6 000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度。
andive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米,重量约为6 000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度。
ofive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
因为高管长222米,重约6 000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度。
toive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米,重量约为6 000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度。
Mass required because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米,重量约为6 000吨,必须拉高一个大约3%的梯度,所以需要质量。
Happily, it all went very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展顺利。
Happily, it all went quite well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展顺利。
Happily, it all went perfectly well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展顺利。
Happily, it all went Very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展顺利。
Simone Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯在女子体操中指着金子
Simone Biles nails all-around gold in female's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯在女子体操中指着金子
Simone Biles nails all-around gold by women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯用女子体操把金指向全身
Simone Biles nails all-around gold for women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯(Simone Biles)将全方位的金指向女子体操
Jaw-dropping on floor.
倒在地上。
Jaw-dropping on ground.
在地上撒爪子。
And now, finally, an Olympic champion.
现在, 终于, 一名奥运冠军了.
And now, finally, an Olympic Champion.
现在, 终于, 奥运会冠军了.
And now, finally, an Olympics champion.
现在,最后,一位奥运冠军。
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
周四,这位19岁的美国体操运动员夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 18-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
18岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 20-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
20岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 15-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
15岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
the 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
周四,这位19岁的美国体操运动员夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
to 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
周四,美国19岁的体操运动员夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员艾莉·雷斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total in 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她在62. 198年的成绩完全摆脱了银牌手和“五决赛”队友莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌手阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total by 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她在62. 198之前的成绩与银牌得主和“五决赛”队友莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜完全吻合。
Her total a 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员艾莉·雷斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total with 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62,198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队友莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total cleared 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员艾莉·莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜从她手中脱颖而出。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Francesca Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国法兰西斯卡·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Lauren Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国劳伦·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Sara Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国莎拉·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Gabrielle Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛上,美国加布里埃尔·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Kara Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
美国卡拉·比勒斯(Kara Biles)周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,在平衡梁上表演。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
碧蕾斯成为第四位获得全能冠军的美国直线女性,也成为第五位整体冠军,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
Biles was the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
Biles是获得全能冠军的第四位美国直线女性,也是获得全能冠军的第五位女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
Biles won the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
Biles赢得了第四名全能冠军和第五名全能冠军,同时巩固了她这一代人中最优秀的名声,或许是有史以来最优秀的名声。
Biles competed the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
比勒斯与第四名美国女子竞争,赢得全能冠军,并赢得第五位总冠军,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最优秀的、甚至有史以来最优秀的名声。
Biles a the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
Biles是美国第4位获得全能冠军和第五次总冠军的直线选手,同时也巩固了她这一代人中最优秀的名声,或许是有史以来最优秀的名声。
Biles both the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
Biles是获得全能冠军的第四位美国女子,也是赢得全能冠军的第五位女子,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最优秀的、甚至有史以来最优秀的名声。
The achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提升到了新的高度。
the achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提高到了新的高度。
a achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员把体育赛事推向了崭新的高度。
of achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员把体育赛事推向了崭新的高度。
to achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员把体育赛事推向了崭新的高度。
in achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员把体育赛事推向了崭新的高度。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles is spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has enjoyed the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
比勒斯享受了过去三年她的体育比赛,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊叹不已,1984年奥运会冠军玛丽·卢·雷顿称她为“我所见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has gone the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,比莱斯在她的体育比赛中占据了主导地位,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊叹不已,1984年奥运会冠军玛丽·卢·雷顿称她为“我所见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has had the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has dominated the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了她的体育比赛,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如 说 是 她 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞争 。
to last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在巴西,比勒斯和球队其他球队的比赛不是那么激烈,而是她自己和期望过高的球员之间的一场比赛。
the last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在巴西等待的最后一场考验,比勒斯和战场上的其他人之间没有多大的争吵,而是她自己和超大期望的负担之间的竞争。
a last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在巴西等待的最后一场考验,比勒斯和战场上的其他人之间没有多大的争吵,而是她自己和超大期望的担子之间的竞争。
and last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
以及在巴西等待的最后一场考验,比勒斯和球场的其余部分之间并不只是一场竞争,而是她自己和超大期望的负担之间的一场竞争。
of last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
比勒斯和球队其他球队的比赛,不是比勒斯和球队的对手,而是她和超大期望的对手。
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到在得克萨斯州斯普林的家里,任何事情都会让人失望。
and less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不到回到她家在德州斯普林的家,带着一拳打金的金牌,就会让人失望。
the less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不到回到她家在得克萨斯州斯普林的家里,带着一拳打金的金牌,就会让人失望。
to less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不到回到她家在得克萨斯州斯普林的家,带着一拳打金的金牌,将被视为失望。
in less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
在德克萨斯州斯普林,她不到回家的时候,带着一拳打金的金牌,会让人感到失望。
of less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不到回到她家在得克萨斯州斯普林的家,带着一拳打金的金牌,将被视为失望。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日星期四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Andrea Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的安德烈·比莱斯(Andrea Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日(星期四)在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Rebecca Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的Rebecca Biles和Aly Raisman分别赢得了2016年巴西里约热内卢夏季奥运会女子体操个人全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Jana Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国选手贾娜·比莱斯(Jana Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)分别在巴西里约热内卢(Rio de Janei,8月8日星期四)举行的2016年夏季奥运会上赢得了女子艺术体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Jenna Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的珍妮·比莱斯(Jenna Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日(星期四)在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman celebrate after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日星期四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时作为国家队协调员Martha Karolyi离队的感叹号。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while helping as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时,由于国家队协调员Martha Karolyi即将离队,Biles也因此获得了第一场比赛。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while contributing as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,而作为国家队协调员Martha Karolyi即将离队的感叹号,Biles获得了第一场比赛。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while throwing as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
周二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时他也因国家队协调员Martha Karolyi即将离队而大吃一惊。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while receiving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,而当他接到感叹号时,国家队协调员Martha Karolyi即将离队。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while hitting as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时,由于国家队协调员Martha Karolyi即将离队,Biles在比赛中大吃一惊。
While Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
尽管Biles坚持说,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,但事实并非如此。
and Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
而Biles坚持说,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,这不是真的。
to Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
对比勒斯来说,她坚持在她长期跑向顶部时从未向前看,这不是真的。
of Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
Biles坚持说,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,这不是真的。
the Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
比勒斯家族坚称,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,这不是真的。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——被设置为拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one the includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的飘浮声——是拉丁音乐设置,适合在位于里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one a includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板锻炼的一部分——包括她签名的飘浮声——是拉丁音乐设置,正好适合在位于里约热内卢奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that incorporates her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包含她签名的低声传唱——是拉丁音乐的一部分,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the in that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她的签名、翻滚的传唱——是拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the the that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习程序的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——是拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被她祖父母收养为孩子,被教练AimeeBoorman的母亲在一次田野旅行中发现,在Boorman指导的体育馆里,她已成为了一支力量。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by Coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被她祖父母收养为孩子,教练AimeeBoorman的母亲在去健身房的田野旅行中发现,博尔曼在那里当教练,这已经成为一种力量了。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by teammate Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被祖父母收养为孩子,被队友Aimee Boorman的母亲在去健身房的田野旅行中发现,在Boorman的辅导下,女孩已成为了一支力量。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a addler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
被她祖父母收养并被教练AimeeBoorman的母亲发现,女孩在去健身房的田野旅行中被Boorman当教练,这已经成为一种力量了。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a anddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被祖父母收养,被教练AimeeBoorman的母亲在去健身房的田野旅行中发现,在Boorman的辅导下,她成为了一支力量。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a herddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被祖父母收养为牧羊人,被教练Aimee Boorman的母亲在去健身房的田野旅行中发现,博尔曼在那里当教练,这已经成为一种力量了。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
and hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
并且自2013年夏季以来没有失去一场全面的竞争,这场竞争应该持续多久,只要Biles愿意。
the hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,这场全方位的比赛并没有失去,只要Biles希望,这场比赛就应该持续多久。
of hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
in hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,他还没有失去一场全面的竞争,只要Biles愿意,他就会赢得一连串的比赛。
to hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
Though Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
尽管穆斯塔菲娜在两次轮换中领先了一小部分人, 但这只是一种幻觉.
and Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
和穆斯塔菲娜从两个轮转的小铅球,这是一个海市蜃楼。
to Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
对穆斯塔菲娜来说,在两次轮换中以一小步领先,这简直是海市蜃楼。
of Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
穆斯塔菲娜在两次轮换中以一小步领先,这简直是海市蜃楼。
in Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
在穆斯塔菲娜,在两次轮换中以一个小的领先,这是一个海市蜃楼。
the Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
穆斯塔菲娜号在两次转动中以一小步领先,这简直是海市蜃楼。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯卫冕世界冠军的地方,等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is a defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——Biles是世界卫冕冠军,等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is his defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯的卫冕世界冠军的地方,等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the reigning world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯是世界冠军的地方,等待着。
She went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她带着15.433的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上15.933的光束。
She was back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她回到前面,拿着15. 433的光束,在地板上盖上15. 933的光束。
She got back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她拿着15.433的光束回到了前面,然后在地板上盖上15.933的光束。
She took back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她拿起一束15.433的光束回到前面,然后把一束15.933的光束盖在地上。
She drove back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她开着一束15. 433的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上一层15. 933的光束。
She set back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她坐到前面,背着一束15.433的光束,在地板上盖上一层15.933的光束。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼在等待最后的评分时温和地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当Biles闪烁的红、白和蓝眼线时,她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实,泪水涌现。
Rai was hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
在他们等待最后的评分时,雷温柔地拥抱着她,当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,Biles闪烁着的红白蓝眼睛线周围涌起了泪水。
Rai had hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
在他们等待最后的成绩时,雷温柔地拥抱着她,当Biles闪烁的红、白和蓝色眼线时,她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实,泪水也涌了出来。
Rai she hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
在他们等待最后的评分时,雷温柔地拥抱着她,当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,Biles闪烁的红白蓝相间的眼线周围涌起了泪水。
insman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
当他们等待最后的评分时,内斯曼温和地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当Biles闪烁的红、白和蓝色眼线时,当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的视觉变成现实时,泪水就涌了出来。
tosman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
托斯曼温和地拥抱着她,等待最后的成绩——只是一种形式——当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,Biles闪烁着的红白蓝眼睛线周围出现了泪水。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜的铜牌。
ofsman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
从四年前起,奥斯曼的表演就有点报复了,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜。
tosman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
从四年前起,托斯曼的表演就有点报复了,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜。
andsman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
从四年前起,安德斯曼的表演就有点报复了,当时她打了三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜。
insman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
从四年前她打进第三局,但输给穆斯塔菲娜的比赛中,她的表现有点报复。
asman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
从四年前起,阿萨曼的表演就有点报复了,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,这位22岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " momma " was well ahead.
这一次,这位22岁的队长被美国人称为“妈妈”,非常先发制人。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandmotherma " was well ahead.
这一次,22岁的美国队队长叫“祖母”,很前面。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans calls " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,22岁的美国队队长“外婆”很前面。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans called " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,22岁的美国队队长叫“奶奶”,很前面。
of time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
22岁的美国队队长“外婆”称“外婆”,这在当时很前面。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的又回来的曲折打倒了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a routine that at times seemed in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,而这种吻被有时似乎令人怀疑的例行公事所克服。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a finish that at times seemed in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的终点所克服。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a performance that at times seemed in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,而这种吻被一次有时似乎令人怀疑的表演所克服。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a vault that at times seemed in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了吻,被一个有时似乎有疑问的拱顶所克服。
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
of for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
对Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
and for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,本周早些时候,这位19岁的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
to for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,本周早些时候,这位19岁的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
the for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,本周早些时候,这位19岁的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
a for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
a 对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
the say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
据说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
of say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
例如,费城一名6岁男孩被射中,这标志着本周该市第二起6岁男孩被射中。
in say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
据说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市第二起6岁男童被枪杀事件。
and say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
他说,费城一名6岁男孩被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男孩被枪杀事件。
to say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
在费城,一名6岁的男孩被射中,这标志着本周该市发生了第二起6岁男孩被射杀事件。
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的外祖父母称他为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的Mahaj Brown。
The child's grandparents identified him to NBC Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的祖父母认出他为全国广播公司费城分会的马哈吉·布朗。
The child's grandparents identified him to Fox Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的祖父母认出他是费城福克斯的马哈吉·布朗.
The child's grandparents identified him to TV Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的祖父母认出他是费城电视台的马哈吉·布朗.
The child's grandparents identified him to CNN Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的外祖父母称他为CNN费城的Mahaj Brown。
The child's grandparents identified him to television Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
这孩子的祖父母在费城电视台认出他是马哈吉·布朗.
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,布朗在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位遭受多处枪伤,但在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandmother say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
外婆说,Brown在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位多次受枪伤,但是在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The parents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
父母说,Brown在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位遭受多处枪伤,但是在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandfather say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父说,布朗多次受枪伤,包括腹股沟、腿部、胳膊和腹部受伤,但是在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The siblings say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
兄弟姐妹们说,Brown在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位遭受多处枪伤,但是在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The cousins say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
堂兄弟们说,Brown在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位多次受枪伤,但被带到医院时却醒了。
" He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯的祖母对车站说:“他拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his aunt Delores Melendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯姑妈对车站说:“他刚拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just had a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯的祖母对车站说:“他刚吃了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just did a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
“他做了很多事情,他那小身躯上充斥着子弹,”他祖母德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说。
" He just got a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯的祖母对车站说:“他刚拿到很多东西,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just suffered a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
“他刚受了很多苦,他那小身躯上充斥着子弹,”他祖母德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病情危急,已经接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital with has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病危时已经接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital an has undergone several surgeries.
在医院里,这名男孩的健康状况危急,已经经历了几次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital a has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院中处于危重状态,已经经历了几次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital to has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病危时接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital the has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院中被列为危重状况,已经经历了几次手术。
Family tells the station he is expected to recover.
家人告诉车站,他有望康复.
Family believes the station he is expected to recover.
家人相信,他有望恢复站位。
Family shoots the station he is expected to recover.
家人射杀他有望康复的车站.
Family suggests the station he is expected to recover.
家人建议他修复车站。
Family tells the station he is expected slow recover.
家人告诉车站,他有望慢慢恢复.
Family tells the station he is expected in recover.
家人告诉车站,他有望康复.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
布朗是德国城区四人中被射杀的其中之一。
Brown was among four people shot in a Germantown section.
布朗是四个在德国城区被射杀的人之一。
Brown was among four people shot in Philadelphia Germantown section.
布朗是在费城德意志城区四人中被射杀的.
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人32岁。
Also killed were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3人被杀害,其中2人29岁,1人32岁。
Also shots were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3人也开枪:2人29岁,1人32岁。
Also dead were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
死者还有3人:2人29岁,1人32岁。
Also executed were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
另有3人被处决:2人29岁,1人32岁。
were shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人32岁。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,其中一名29岁的男子处于危难状态;另外两名受害者处于稳定状态。
One the the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据CBS费城报道,其中一名29岁的男性处于危难状态;另外两名受害者处于稳定状态。
One a the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司(CBS Federia)报道,一名29岁的男子处于危难状态;另外两名受害者状况稳定。
a of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,这名29岁的男子中有一名病危,另外两名受害者病情稳定。
the of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司(CBS Federia)报道,29岁男子的病情严重,其他两名受害者病情稳定。
to of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司(CBS Federia)报道,29岁男子的病情严重,其他两名受害者病情稳定。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名孩子被发现与29岁的男孩一起在汽车前座被击中,伤势严重。
the child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名29岁的孩子被发现在汽车前座被射中,当时他正处在危险状态中。
and child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
电视台报道说,在车的前座发现孩子和29岁的孩子一样危难。
to child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名29岁的孩子被发现在汽车的前座被射中,当时他正处在危险状态中。
a child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,在汽车前座发现一个孩子和29岁的男孩身患重症。
in child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,在孩子被发现与29岁的孩子一起在车前座被击中,伤势严重。
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
另外两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The other three victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其他三名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The remaining two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其余两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The others two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其他两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The injured two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
受伤的两名受害者没有在车内,警察正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
the other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
另外两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there were crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there occurred crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎在多个枪手之间发生了交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there had crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there did crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there died crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手在交火中丧生。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,可追溯到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault type weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,可追溯到不同的攻击性武器类型,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault types weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,可追溯到不同的攻击性武器类型,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault variant weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,追踪到不同的攻击性武器变异,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault pattern weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,可追溯到不同的攻击型武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault model weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,可追溯到不同的攻击性武器模型,丢弃了现场。
It appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来,这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
It appears that this was definitely an continuing battle.
看来,这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
There were casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁都有套管。
There were casings in the street, on all sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁都有套管。
There were casings in the street, on the sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁有套管。
There were casings in the street, on both sides a the sidewalk.
街上都有套管,两边都有人行道。
There were casings in the street, on both sides the the sidewalk.
在街上,人行道两侧都有套管。
There were casings in the street, on both sides an the sidewalk.
街上都有套管,两边都有人行道。
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的安东尼·基纳尔迪上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
the it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的Anthony Ginaldi上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们积极参与了战斗。”
and it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的Anthony Ginaldi上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们正在积极参战。”
to it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的Anthony Ginaldi上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们正在积极参战。”
of it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的Anthony Ginaldi上尉告诉警察局说:“看起来这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们正在积极参战。”
in it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的Anthony Ginaldi上尉告诉警察局说:“看起来这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们正在积极参战。”
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该地区的多所房屋和车辆也遭到袭击。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were later struck.
后来, 该 地区 的 几 所 房屋 和 车辆 遭到 攻击 。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were subsequently struck.
后来,该地区的多所房屋和车辆被击中。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were then struck.
然后, 该 地区 的 几 所 房屋 和 车辆 被 击中 。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were impact struck.
该地区的多所房屋和车辆被击中。
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were were struck.
该地区的多所房屋和车辆被击中。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
据报没有逮捕任何人,警察正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly review surveillance video.
据报没有逮捕任何人,警察正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are allegedly reviewing surveillance video.
据称,没有逮捕任何人,警察正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are also reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,警察也正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are still reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,警察仍在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are be reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,警方正在审查监视录像。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
and 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,6岁的女孩在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时被流弹击中胳膊。
the 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,6岁的小女孩在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时被一颗流弹击中胳膊。
a 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,一名6岁的女孩在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时被流弹击中胳膊。
to 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,6岁的小女孩在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时被一颗流弹击中胳膊。
in 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,6岁的小女孩在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时被一颗流弹击中胳膊。
She is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在搜寻嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are still investigating for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在调查嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are still looking for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在寻找嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are still digging for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在搜寻嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are still search for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在搜捕嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are now searching for a suspect.
她正在康复, 警方正在搜捕嫌疑犯.
That's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这也是我所谓的今年女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
the's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这是我今年的女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
of's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
我之所以这么称呼今年女子奥运体操队,是因为不止一个原因。
to's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
我之所以这么称呼今年女子奥运体操队,是因为不止一个原因。
and's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这也是我今年所谓的女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1984年起参加过历届夏季奥运会,而美国从未如此地占据主导地位。
of, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
从1984年起,我参加了每届夏季奥运会,美国也从未如此优胜劣汰。
the, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
从1984年起,我参加了每届夏季奥运会,而美国从未如此地占据主导地位。
to, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
从1984年起,我参加了每届夏季奥运会,而美国从未如此地占据主导地位。
and, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
而且,从1984年起,我每年都参加夏季奥运会,美国也从来没有这样过。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and Team USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1984年起参加过每届夏季奥运会,美国队从来就没有这么强的优势。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这个小组有三名体操运动员,SimoneBiles,GabbyDouglas和Lauren“Laurie”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多年轻的有色女孩。
And second : This team features three gymnasticsnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支球队有3个体操运动员,SimoneBiles,GabbyDouglas和Lauren“劳里”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多有色女孩。
And second : This team features three balletnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:本队有三位芭蕾舞演员,西蒙娜·比莱斯、加比·道格拉斯和劳伦·劳里·埃尔南德斯,她们一直激励着这么多有色人种的姑娘。
And second : This team features three floornasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支队伍有三层楼,西蒙娜·比莱斯、加比·道格拉斯和劳伦·劳里·埃尔南德斯,她们一直激励着这么多有色人种的女孩。
And second : This team features three vaultnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支队伍里有三个跳蚤,西蒙娜·比莱斯,加比·道格拉斯和劳伦·劳里·埃尔南德斯,她们一直激励着这么多有色人种的女孩。
And second : Our team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:我们的小组有三名体操运动员,SimoneBiles,GabbyDouglas和Lauren“Laurie”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多年轻的有色女孩。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔Aly Raisman和天主教徒Madison Kocian击败了这支队伍。
the make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔Aly Raisman和天主教徒Madison Kocian击败了这支队伍。
to make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
这支队伍被犹太裔阿里·雷斯曼和天主教徒麦迪逊·科西安击败,每个人都为此感到自豪。
and make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔阿里·雷斯曼和天主教徒麦迪逊·科西安击败了这支队伍,这使每个人都感到自豪。
of make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔Aly Raisman和天主教徒麦迪逊 Kocian击败了这支队伍。
in make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
这支队伍由犹太裔阿里·雷斯曼和天主教徒麦迪逊·科西安击败。
This team looks, finally, like America.
最后,这支球队看起来像美国。
This team looks, finally, like Canada.
最后,这支球队看上去像加拿大。
It also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动顶端的存在。
It now has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
现在,它凝聚了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的巅峰。
It her has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
她凝聚了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的巅峰。
It she has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
她已经巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的巅峰地位。
It also has solidified the black and Latina female position at the top of this sport.
它还巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动中的最高地位。
and also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
并且还巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动顶端的存在。
For the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,女体操运动员中排名第一的是非裔美国人。
For the past four years, a number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去的四年里,一位女体操运动员是非洲裔美国人。
For the past four years, the number one female gymnasticsnast has been African-American.
在过去的四年里,体操运动员中排名第一的女性是非裔美国人。
For the past four years, the number one female floornast has been African-American.
在过去四年中,排在首位的女下层女性是非洲裔美国人。
For the past four years, the number one female beamnast has been African-American.
在过去四年中,头号女性束束是非洲裔美国人。
For the past four years, the number one female vaultnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,头号女金龟女是非洲裔美国人。
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
上届奥运会上, 道格拉斯是一位令人惊讶的奥运冠军, 美国也为此欢呼.
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympics champion, and America cheered.
上届奥运会上, 道格拉斯出人意料地成为了奥运会的冠军, 美国也为之欢呼.
a Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
加布比·道格拉斯在奥运会上出乎意料地成为了奥运冠军,美国也为此欢呼雀跃。
to Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
加比·道格拉斯出乎意料地成为奥运会的冠军,美国为此欢呼雀跃。
of Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
加比·道格拉斯是奥运冠军,美国为此欢呼雀跃。
in Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
在奥运会上,加比·道格拉斯出乎意料地成为了奥运冠军,美国也为此欢呼雀跃。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
the the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
and the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演。
of the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·埃尔南德斯三次表演了令人难以置信的体操,他们表演了出人意料的、但又很精湛的体操。
to the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的精彩表演,让世界目不暇接,然而却又精湛的体操表演展现在世人面前。
in the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
在世界范围内,三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·埃尔南德斯的精彩表演,令人难以置信。
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周四,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On Friday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
上周五,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四位美国选手。
On Wednesday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周三,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On Monday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周一,西蒙娜成为了在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四位美国选手。
On the, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
在比赛中,Simone成为了在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On that, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
就此,Simone成为了在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
And teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
队友阿里·雷斯曼赢得了银牌。
And teammate Aly ofsman earned silver.
队友阿利·奥斯曼赢得了银牌。
And teammate Aly withsman earned silver.
队友艾莉和斯曼赢得了银牌。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但它不像在全国性的体操课上。
to are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
正在见证这项运动的顶端,但它不象这样的体操课程在全国各地。
of are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
正在见证的顶级运动,但它不像这样的体操课程在全国各地。
the are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
运动员正在见证这项运动的顶端,但是在全国的体操课上却不象是这个样子。
in are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
正在见证的顶级运动,但它不像这样的体操课程,遍及全国。
and are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
并且正在见证这项运动的顶级,但它不像这样的体操课程在全国各地。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都走上了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的道路,组成了奥林匹克队。
the, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
Gabby和Laurie选择了与Aly和Madison相同的途径组成奥林匹克队。
to, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
Gabby和Laurie都选择了与Aly和Madison相同的途径组成奥林匹克队。
of, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
Gabby和Laurie都选择了与Aly和Madison相同的途径组成奥林匹克队。
and, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
加布比和劳里都和艾莉和麦迪逊走同一条路组成奥运队。
They are the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They are a " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They are this " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They are their " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是他们的“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They is the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They were the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练费用由支付培训、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用的父母(教练及其体操运动员及其家庭的费用)维持,而且名单还在继续。
But the truth is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但事实是,体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练费用由支付培训、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用的父母(教练及其体操运动员及其家庭的费用)维持,而且名单还在继续。
But the fact is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但事实是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练是由父母维持的,他们支付训练、设施、旅行、校服、比赛费、酒店费用(教练、体操运动员及其家庭的费用)。
But a reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是,体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练费用由支付培训、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用的父母(教练及其体操运动员及其家庭的费用)维持,而且名单还在继续。
But this reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是,体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练费用由支付培训、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用的父母(教练及其体操运动员及其家庭的费用)维持,而且名单还在继续。
But The reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练费用由支付培训、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用的父母(教练及其体操运动员及其家庭的费用)维持,而且名单还在继续。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部大多数位于富裕的郊区,可以支持企业。
to of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部位于城市郊区的富裕社区,可以支持企业。
the of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部分布在富裕的郊区,可以支持商业。
in of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
在这些体操俱乐部中,位于能支持商业的富裕的郊区社区。
of of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
在这些体操俱乐部中,有的位于能支持商业的富裕的郊区社区。
and of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部分布在富裕的郊区,可以为企业提供支持。
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员获得所有训练的地方,这是对体操运动员家庭的一个代价高昂的长期承诺。
These club are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员获得所有训练的地方,这是对体操运动员家庭的一个代价高昂的长期承诺。
the clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
健身房是体操运动员接受所有训练的地方,对体操运动员的家庭来说,这是一项代价高昂的长期承诺。
of clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
健身操是体操运动员接受所有训练的地方,对体操运动员的家庭来说,这是一项代价高昂的长期承诺。
and clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
和俱乐部是体操运动员得到他们所有训练的地方,这是对体操运动员家庭的一个代价昂贵和长期的承诺。
in clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
在俱乐部里,体操运动员接受所有训练,这对于体操运动员的家庭来说是一个代价高昂的长期承诺。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
伯曼(Aimee Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的主教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Ai Jean Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练艾·让·博尔曼(Ai Jean Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Ai Lauren Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练艾·劳伦·博尔曼(Ai Laurence Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Ai Faye Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练艾菲·波曼(Ai Faye Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Ai Lee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练艾莉·波曼(Ai Lee Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney),自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Ai Penny Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练艾·彭妮·波曼(Ai Penny Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney),自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
我们必须为无数受Simone、Gabby和Laurie激励的年轻女子社区提供更廉价、更方便的体操培训。
and must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
并且必须为无数受西蒙娜、加比和劳里启发的年轻女子社区带来更廉价和方便的体操培训。
the must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
在西蒙娜、加比和劳里的启发下,必须为无数年轻女孩的社区带来更廉价和方便的体操培训。
of must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
在Simone、Gabby和Laurie的启发下,必须让无数年轻女孩在社区中接受更廉价、更方便的体操训练。
to must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
在西蒙娜、加比和劳里的启发下,必须让无数年轻女孩在社区中接受更廉价、更方便的体操训练。
in must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
在Simone、Gabby和Laurie的启发下,必须让无数年轻女孩在社区中接受更廉价、更方便的体操训练。
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
20年前,我创建了体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics foundation 30 years ago.
30年前,我创建了我的体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics fund 20 years ago.
20年前,我创办了体操基金。
I founded my gymnastics Foundation 20 years ago.
20年前,我创建了体操基金会。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organization, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my institutions, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的机构里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At our organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我们的组织里,我们为15,000多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At their organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在这些组织中,我们为15,000多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At his organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在他的组织中,我们为15,000多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
In November, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
十一月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为青年提供高质量的体操,他们理应有机会学习和受益于这一伟大的奥林匹克运动。
In October, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
十月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大的奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
In August, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
八月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大的奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
In July, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
7月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为青年提供高质量的体操,他们应该有机会学习和受益于这次伟大的奥林匹克运动会。
In June, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年六月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为青年提供高质量的体操,他们应该有机会学习和受益于这次伟大的奥林匹克运动会。
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、灵活性和协调性。
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and strength work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和体力工作发展力量、灵活性和协调性,为精神发展纪律和决心。
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and endurance work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和耐力工作、纪律和思维的确定性发展力量、灵活性和协调性。
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and effort work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、灵活性和协调性。
This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为身体健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的好处。
This combination provides life-long benefits for well health, success in school and work.
这种结合为健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的裨益。
This combination provides life-long benefits for high health, success in school and work.
这种结合为高健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身福利。
This combination provides life-long benefits for healthy health, success in school and work.
这种结合为健康健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终生的裨益。
This combination provides life-long benefits for full health, success in school and work.
这一组合为全面健康、在学校和工作中取得成功提供了终身福利。
This combination provides life-long benefits for best health, success in school and work.
这种结合为身体健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的裨益。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
正是这支队伍的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女孩送去参加体操,这真是太棒了。
the is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
这支球队将派出数千名年轻女子参加体操比赛,这是多么鼓舞人心的一支球队。
in is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
这支球队将派出数以千计的年轻女子参加体操比赛,这支球队的灵感就在里面。
and is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
并且是这个团队的灵感,将送上千名年轻女孩去参加体操,那是很棒的。
to is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
将成千上万的年轻女孩送去参加体操,这是这支球队的灵感所在,这非常棒。
of is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
这支球队将派出数千名年轻女子参加体操比赛,这支球队的灵感就是其中之一。
This is such an exciting time.
这真是一个激动人心的时刻。
This is such an exciting moment.
这真是一个激动人心的时刻。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gabby和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多来自不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Nicole, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
感谢妮可、艾莉、劳里、加比和麦迪逊,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路,展现了“女孩的力量”。
Thank you Laura, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
感谢劳拉、艾莉、劳里、加比和麦迪逊,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Christi, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
感谢克里斯蒂、艾莉、劳里、加比和麦迪逊,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路,展现了“女孩的力量”。
Thank you Carla, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢卡拉、艾莉、劳里、加比和麦迪逊,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多来自不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Jana, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
感谢亚娜、亚莉、劳里、加比和麦迪逊,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after refusing Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after opposing Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生反对杰里米·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after supporting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生支持杰里米·亨特的提议,准备进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after accepting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
在接受了杰里米·亨特的建议后,少年医生开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jonathan Hunt's proposal
青年医生拒绝了乔纳森·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
of had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
英国医科协会曾希望与英国医科协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但是在参加投票的37000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
the had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
英国曾希望与英国医学协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在修改问题上的争议,但参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
to had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
曾希望与英国医学协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在修改问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
in had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
英国医协曾希望与英国医协官员达成经改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但参加投票的37000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
and had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
并曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
7月,亨特透露了强制签订这份合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
In June, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
6月,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,称国家卫生局位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
In August, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
在8月份,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
in July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
在7月份,亨特透露了强制签订这份合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
the July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
在7月份,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
of July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
在7月份,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
the first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
and first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
初等医生将签下新合同,包括改变夜间和周末工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
of first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
初等医生改签新合同,包括改变夜间和周末工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
to first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
将初级医生转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
in first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
在初等医生被转到新的合同,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以改善在无法联系的工作时间的护理。
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席艾伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Ann McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席安·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Anne McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席安妮·麦考特医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Helen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席海伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Mary McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席MaryMcCourter医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Anna McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席安娜·麦考特医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,而且它不能公正地对待所有的医生。”
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With only eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
由于第一批医生在接受新合同前只有8周,因此需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With still eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前还有八个星期,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With already eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签署新合同前已经八个星期了,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
the just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签署新合同前的8个星期内,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
a just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生达成新合同前的8个星期内,必须取得进展,时间已经不多了。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
the is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚答应他总是开门。
to is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管上个月Jeremy Hunt刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
of is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
in is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚答应他总是开门。
and is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚答应过,他的房门总是敞开着。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
of he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
他那时还不清楚初级医生是否准备采取进一步的工业行动。
the he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
他当时还不清楚初级医生是否准备采取进一步的工业行动。
to he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
到那时,小医生还不清楚他们是否准备采取进一步的工业行动。
a he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
a 他当时还不清楚初级医生是否准备采取进一步的工业行动。
and he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
他那时还不清楚初级医生是否准备采取进一步的工业行动。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The final strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并指定了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The first strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的第一次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并指定了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The third strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的第三次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并指定了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The new strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的新罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并聘用了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供保险。
The subsequent strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
在随后的4月底的罢工中,约有13 000人推迟了例行手术,并征集了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a consolidated contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一份综合合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reinstated contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定恢复合同,从而结束有关这些变更的争议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a revised contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一份修改后的合同,从而结束有关修改的争议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a new contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一份新合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a merged contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一份合并合同,从而结束有关这些改动的争议。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
the BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
BMA希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更好的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
and BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
of BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
in BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
在BMA公司,5万4千名初级医生是合同的主体,他们想要更好的周末薪水。
to BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,他们将接受合同的约束。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
the Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官Mortimer呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
in Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
在Mortimer,NHS雇主首席执行官呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
of Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官Mortimer呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
and Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官Mortimer呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
to Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
致NHS雇主首席执行官莫泰默(Mortimer)呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Mr Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:“工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。”
and Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、照顾者及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
to Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
给莫蒂默说:"工业行动很少或没有成果,但是给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、照顾者及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
a Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动不会取得什么成果,也不会取得什么成果,而是给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
of Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动几乎无所作为,但给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、照顾者及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
in Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:"工业行动几乎或完全没有结果,但是给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。
Over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over this last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over The last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over and last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
近两个月来,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部及其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over Government last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人作用和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the past two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were optimistic that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主们乐观地认为,在其他重要问题上继续积极地参与,例如部署、灵活的培训、为那些从职业生涯中断中返回的人提供更多的培训、培训费用、相互承认教学大纲、学习假以及医药中的男女工资差别,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部在遵守11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议方面表现的严肃态度。
Employers were hoped that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
希望雇主继续积极地参与其他重要议题,如部署、培训的灵活性、为那些从职业生涯中断中返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、相互承认教学大纲、学习假以及医药中的男女工资差距 -- -- 表明雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与管理局达成的协议。
Employers were hope that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主们希望,在其他重要问题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、为那些从职业生涯中断中返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、相互承认教学大纲、学习假和医学中的男女工资差别等,继续积极地参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, mobility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训中的流动性、为那些从职业生涯中断中返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,能够表明雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued favourable engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要问题上继续积极参与,如部署、培训的灵活性、为那些从职业生涯中断中返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、相互承认教学大纲、学习假以及医药中的男女工资差别 -- -- 表明雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与管理局达成的协议。
The £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
每天2英镑的可以减少心脏病发作威胁的药物
The £2-a-day drug that helps cut heart attack threat
这种每天2英镑的药物可以帮助减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that will cut heart attack threat
每日2英镑的药物将减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that may cut heart attack threat
每日2英镑的药物,可能减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £2-a-day drug that is cut heart attack threat
每天2英镑的减低心脏病发作威胁的药物
The £2-a-day drug that has cut heart attack threat
这种每天2英镑的药物已经减少心脏病发作的威胁
Thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数千名心脏病发作的病人将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前,官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
the of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
心脏病发作患者将受益于每天2英镑的药物,因为官员建议将它长期提供给更多人。
and of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
并且心脏病发作患者将受益于每天2英镑的药物,在官员建议给予更多人更长的时间后。
of of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
心脏病发作病人每日服用2英镑的药物,经过官员推荐,可以让更多人服用更长的时间。
to of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
心脏病发作患者将受益于每天2英镑的药物,在官员建议给予更多人更长的时间后。
in of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
在心脏病发作时,病人将受益于每天2英镑的药物,在官员建议给予更多人更长的时间后。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物会使心脏病患者再次发作的风险降低。
to-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
注射药物的Ticagrel会降低心脏病患者反复发作的风险。
of-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
注射药物的Ticagrel会降低心脏病患者反复发作的风险。
and-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
染上药物后,Ticagrel会减少心脏病患者再度发作的风险。
the-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
吸附药物的Ticagrel会降低心脏病患者反复发作的风险。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeated attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物会降低心脏病患者反复发作的风险。
The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作12个月后就已经服用,可以降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is previously given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
该药物以前在心脏病发作12个月后,降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is also given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
在心脏病发作12个月后,这种药物也能降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is a given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
该药物是在心脏病发作12个月后,降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is been given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
该药物在心脏病发作12个月后,降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is is given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
该药物在心脏病发作12个月后,降低中风或再次发作的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但是现在NHS的NICE已经建议,这应该给予人们四年,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
and now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
现在,NHS的NICE已经建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
to now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
到目前为止,NHS的NICE已经建议,应该给予人们四年的时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
in now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
目前,NHS的NICE已经建议,应该给予人们四年的时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
of now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
国家卫生局的NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
the now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
现在的NHS监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
of 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
英格兰每年有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
the 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
英国每年有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
and 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
英国每年有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
to 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
每年有14万人在英国心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
in 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国每年有140,000人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
Heart attacks or strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作或中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
of attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
攻击和中风是由动脉壁内脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
and attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
攻击和中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
to attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
攻击和中风是由动脉壁内脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
the attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
攻击和中风是由动脉壁中脂肪物质聚集形成斑块引起的。
If the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
If this plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果这个斑块断裂,它会导致血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
If that plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
If a plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
a the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
a 斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
and the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
斑块会断裂,引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流会传播到血流中,阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if this clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流中就会传播,并阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if that clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流中就会传播,并阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if an clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流会传播到血流中,阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if a clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流会传播到血流中,阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
and if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流中会传播,阻断脑部的血流,导致中风。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,人们12个月给90毫克血糖,此后三年内每天两次给90毫克血糖加阿司匹林加60毫克。
The Draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指南草案》建议,人们12个月给90毫克血糖,此后三年内每天给人服用60毫克和阿司匹林。
The revised NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
经修订的NICE指南建议人们在12个月的时间里服90毫克铁甲草胺,然后在3年的时间里每天服食60毫克和阿司匹林。
The new NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天发表的新NICE指南建议人们在12个月的时间里服90毫克铁甲草胺,然后每天服用60毫克和阿司匹林,再持续3年。
The updated NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的经更新的NICE指南建议,人们12个月给90毫克铁甲草胺,此后三年内每天给人服用60毫克和阿司匹林。
The proposed NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的NICE指南建议人们在12个月中服90毫克铁甲草胺,然后在3年中每天服用60毫克和阿司匹林。
Professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任CaroleLongson教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Alison Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任艾莉森·朗森教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Sue Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任苏朗森教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Louise Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任Louise Longson教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Jo Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任JoLongson教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Fiona Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任菲奥娜·朗森教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence demonstrates that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence indicates that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence finds that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence showed that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence demonstrated that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
in provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor中,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
to provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
暂时推荐Ticagrelor,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
of provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
暂时推荐ticagrelor,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
and provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
并暂时推荐Ticagrelor,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
the provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
暂时推荐ticagrelor我们很高兴能够增加现有的治疗选择,为成千上万从中获益的人。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于关于ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过3年)的信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because information about the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于关于ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过三年)的信息有限,指导文件草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because data on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性的数据有限,特别是出血风险超过三年,因此指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because evidence on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性的证据有限,特别是3年以上的出血风险,指导文件草案不建议在该期间以后再使用它。
of information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
关于ticagrel药疗效和安全性,特别是出血风险超过3年的信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
to information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
至於止血药的疗效和安全性,特别是出血风险超过三年,指导草案并不建议在该时期以后再使用止血药。
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim regions flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim districts flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim neighborhoods flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林社区蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim cities flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林城市蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim communities flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林社区蓬勃发展
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被解职,这引发了政府的报道
and-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被免职,这引发了政府的报道
the-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
哈姆雷特的市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼去年因腐败而被免职,这引发了政府的报道
in-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
哈姆雷特市长卢特弗·拉赫曼去年因腐败而被免职,这引发了政府的报道
to-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被免职,这引发了政府的报道
of-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被免职,这引发了政府的报道
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting corruption in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票腐败,人们对此视若无睹。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a harsh government report reveals today.
严厉的政府报告显示,政治正确性的文化导致穆斯林社区对普遍投票舞弊视而不见。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a horrific government report reveals today.
一份可怕的政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a shocking government report reveals today.
令人震惊的政府报告显示,政治正确性的文化导致穆斯林社区普遍对选举舞弊视而不见。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a damaging government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
and-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
埃里克·皮克勒爵士谴责警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
of-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
埃里克·皮克斯爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
to-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
埃里克·皮克勒爵士谴责警方、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
the-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of election abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former community secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former religions secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
前任宗教事务大臣、现任反腐败沙皇说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,应该允许警察在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former religion secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
前任宗教事务秘书(现为反腐败沙皇)表示,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,应该允许警察在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former areas secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
这位前地区事务大臣,现在的反腐败沙皇说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护惊恐不安的选民。
The former schools secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现任反腐败沙皇的前校务秘书表示,由于宗教原因对选民的恐吓非常严重,应该允许警察在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
He recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
他建议选民在投票时必须出示身份证,以证明自己是谁。
He recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove where they are when they vote.
他建议选民在投票时必须带身份证,以证明他们在哪里。
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时,在人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人能投票两次。
the report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
a report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
一份报告甚至建议人们在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
of report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报道中甚至暗示在某人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水以防任何人能投票两次。
in report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告中甚至建议人们在投票时在手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水以防任何人能投票两次。
and report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议人们在投票时在手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水以防任何人能投票两次。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions took by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令了这份报告。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Boroughs voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在东伦敦铁塔区投票丑闻后发布了这份报告。
the report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令了这份报告。
of report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令报道此事。
in report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令。
and report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令报道此事。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法院裁决现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼(Lutfur Rahman)因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last 2010 a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
2010年,一个特别选举法院裁定现任市长Lutfur Rahman因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last 2014 a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
2014年,一个特别选举法院裁定现任市长Lutfur Rahman因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last 2011 a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
在2011年,一个特别选举法院裁定现任市长Lutfur Rahman因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last 2013 a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
2013年,一个特别选举法院裁定现任市长Lutfur Rahman应因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last 2016 a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
2016年,一个特别选举法院裁定现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman"无情地扭曲了"穆斯林社区的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
the court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“愤世嫉俗地扭曲了”穆斯林的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
and court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“玩世不恭地扭曲了”穆斯林的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指责来压制他的批评者。
of court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认为,Rahman“愤世嫉俗地”扭曲了穆斯林的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指责来压制他的批评者。
to court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
在法庭上发现,拉赫曼“愤世嫉俗地”扭曲了穆斯林的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指责来压制他的批评者。
a court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认为,Rahman“愤世嫉俗地”扭曲了穆斯林的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was a religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was that religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was in religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
拉赫曼,据说,“他的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林有宗教义务投票支持他的。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was of religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林有宗教义务投票支持他的。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the faith duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
拉赫曼,据说,“他的竞选活动是以忠实穆斯林的信仰义务为基础进行的。”
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或者是假扮他人投票的结果。
of to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
在300张选票中,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑。
in to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
在300张选票中,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑,有的被怀疑。
a to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
a 至 300 票 的 选票 是 可疑 的, 或 是 个 人 投票 时 装作 另 一 人 投票 的 貌 象 结果 。
the to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
对300张选票的选票是可疑的,还是个性化的结果,即一个人一边投票一边装作别人。
to to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
对300张选票的选票表示怀疑或表示怀疑,即某人在投票时装扮成其他人。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud around the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud throughout the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud in the country.
埃里克爵士说,该国有欺诈的证据。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud over the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across that country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示该国各地存在欺诈行为。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他 对 邮政 投票 舞弊 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 施加压力, 迫使 人们 投票 选出 他们 所 选择 的 一 名 候选人 。
He voiced particularly alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他 对 邮政 投票 舞弊 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 施加压力, 迫使 人们 投票 选出 他们 所 选择 的 候选人 。
He voiced especially alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票舞弊行为表示特别震惊,据说,穆斯林社区的高级成员对人们施加压力,要求他们投票选举自己选出的候选人。
He voiced specific alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他 对 邮政 投票 欺诈 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 在 这种 欺诈 中 对 人们 施加压力, 迫使 他们 投票 选出 他们 所 选择 的 一 名 候选人 。
He voiced a alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票舞弊行为表示震惊,据说,穆斯林社区的高级成员对人们施加压力,要求他们投票选举自己选出的候选人。
He voiced special alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他 对 邮政 投票 舞弊 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 施加压力, 迫使 人们 投票 选出 他们 所 选择 的 一 名 候选人 。
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,埃里克爵士为清理投票系统提出了若干建议,包括带上你的身份证以证明你是谁
the Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,Eric为清理投票系统提出了一些建议,包括出示你的身份证以证明你是谁
and Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,Eric提出一些建议来清理投票系统,包括带上你的身份证来证明你是谁
of Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图片中的Eric提出一些建议来清理投票系统,包括带上你的身份证来证明你是谁
in Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
在Eric的图片中,他提出了若干建议来清理投票系统,包括带上你的身份证来证明你是谁
to Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,向Eric提出若干建议,以清理投票系统,包括出示你的身份证以证明你是谁
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report explains : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告解释说:"有证据表明,一些少数民族社区的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report states : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他 的 报告 指出 : “ 有 证据 表明, 一些 少数民族 社区 的 脆弱 成员, 特别是 妇女 和 青年, 受到 压力, 要求 他们 根据 长老们 的 意愿 投票, 特别是 在 巴基斯坦 和 孟加拉国 裔 社区 。
His report writes : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他 的 报告 写道 : “ 有 证据 表明, 一些 少数民族 社区 的 脆弱 成员, 特别是 妇女 和 青年, 受到 压力, 要求 他们 根据 长老们 的 意愿 投票, 特别是 在 巴基斯坦 和 孟加拉国 裔 社区 。
His report said : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他 的 报告 说 : “ 有 证据 表明, 一些 少数民族 社区 的 脆弱 成员, 特别是 妇女 和 青年, 受到 压力, 要求 他们 根据 长老们 的 意愿 投票, 特别是 在 巴基斯坦 和 孟加拉国 裔 社区 。
His report claims : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他 的 报告 声称 : “ 有 证据 表明, 一些 少数民族 社区 的 脆弱 成员, 特别是 妇女 和 青年, 受到 压力, 要求 他们 根据 长老们 的 意愿 投票, 特别是 在 巴基斯坦 和 孟加拉国 裔 社区 。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There was concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There are concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教“政治上正确”的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were fears that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教“政治上正确”的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were worries that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" It were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教“政治上正确”的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling mail ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮件选票以停止“选票收割”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling electronic ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理电子选票以停止“选票收割”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling paper ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士使用纸质选票来停止“选票收割”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling printed ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理印刷选票以停止“选票收割”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling direct ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理直接选票以停止“选票收割”。
The report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特雷萨·梅正在审议该报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
the report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
该报告也呼吁加强对选民登记的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
and report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特蕾莎·梅正在考虑的报告也呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
a report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特蕾莎·梅正在考虑的一份报告也呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
of report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特蕾莎·梅正在考虑的这份报告也呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
in report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特蕾莎·梅也在报告中呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记被用于移民和利益欺诈。
Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to present ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to submit ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前提交身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to provide ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前提供身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to possess ID before voting.
考虑在投票前要求选民拥有身份证的选项。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
一旦投票,在某人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人投两次票。
to indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
他们一旦投票,阻止任何人投票两次,便用不可磨灭的墨水涂在某人的手指上。
of indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在某人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,一旦他们投票阻止任何人投票两次。
the indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
他们一投选票,阻止任何人投两次票,人们的手指上的不可磨灭的墨水。
a indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在某人的手指上印有不可磨灭的墨水,一旦他投了票,就足以阻止任何人投了两次票。
and indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
和不可磨灭的墨水在一个人的手指上,一旦他们投票阻止任何人投票两次。
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对一个人的国籍进行系统检查,以确保他们有选举权。
Carry out comprehensive checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行全面检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out systemic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对一个人的国籍进行系统检查,以确保他们有资格投票。
Carry out continuous checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行持续的检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out compulsory checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行强制检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out mandatory checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对某人的国籍进行强制性检查,确保他们有选举权。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请规定3年的限制。
Put a three-year limit on requests for a automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请规定3年的限制。
Put a three-year limit on requests for the automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请规定3年的上限。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an direct postal vote.
对直接邮寄选票的申请规定3年的限制。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an mandatory postal vote.
对强制性邮政投票的申请规定3年的限制。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an electronic postal vote.
对电子邮政投票的申请设3年限。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal ballots and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal vote and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理已完成的邮件投票和邮件投票信封。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes the postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理完的邮递选票信封.
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes a postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理完的邮票和邮票信封.
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes of postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理邮递投票信封的选票.
Give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设置警戒线。
Give police powers to set up cordons around poll stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设立警戒线。
Give police powers to set up cordons around polling station.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设置警戒线。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,使根据1983年《人民代表法》控告恐吓者更加容易。
Change the legislation to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改立法,以便根据1983年《人民代表法》更容易指控人受到恐吓。
Change the laws to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,使根据1983年《人民代表法》控告恐吓者更加容易。
and the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
以及使根据1983年《人民代表法》控告人受恐吓更容易的法律。
of the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
* 使根据1983年《人民代表法》控告恐吓人更加容易。
the the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
- 使根据1983年《人民代表法》控告恐吓人更加容易的法律。
Make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Make it illegal to take pictures in poll stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Make it illegal to take pictures in polling station.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling station ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except for Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
and it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
并且要求投票站只使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
the it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语(威尔士除外)。
of it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语(威尔士除外)。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往投票站的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that candidates go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行候选人单独前往展台的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that ballots go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行只向摊位投票的规则。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that votes go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行只投票到摊位的规则。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that vote go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行只参加投票的规则。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,说“令人震惊的”是塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提出刑事指控。
Sir Max savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
马克斯爵士对大都会警察说,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提出任何刑事指控,这“令人震惊”。
Sir Nick savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
尼克爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,称在塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提起任何刑事指控“令人震惊”。
Sir George savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
乔治爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,说“令人震惊的”是,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提起任何刑事指控。
Sir John savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
约翰爵士对大都会警察说,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提出任何刑事指控,这“令人震惊”。
Sir Albert savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
阿尔伯特爵士对大都会警察说,“令人震惊”的是,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提出刑事指控。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany for corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人资格,罪名是腐败和非法行为。”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corruption and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of poll and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,因为他们进行了一连串的投票和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a aany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a toany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是腐败和违法的行为,”他说。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
他被判有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,符合刑事标准的证据,一系列理由。
the was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,符合刑事标准的证据-一系列理由。
and was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
并被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,对刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
in was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,对刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
of was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,对刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
to was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
被判定有罪,超越合理的怀疑,到刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He too criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他对市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”也提出了批评。
He a criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He even criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他甚至批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He is criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He the criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
Sir Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
the Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的判决是一次警醒。
and Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的判决是一次警醒。
to Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
对艾瑞克说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的判决是一次警醒。
of Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克说:"去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的判决是警醒。
Sir Colin said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
科林爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
of nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,国家拥有令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
a nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,一个国家有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
the nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,国家有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
to nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,国家拥有令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
and nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,国家有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
对凯特的自行车骑手外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人来说,这实在是太疯狂了
Crazy for her's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
疯狂的她骑自行车的外观和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人
Crazy as Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
凯特的自行车骑手外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人称号一样疯狂
Crazy with Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
疯狂的凯特的自行车骑手外观和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人
Crazy by Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
被凯特的自行车骑手外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人所迷惑
Crazy featuring Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
凯特的自行车骑手外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人称号
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国骑自行车的保罗·费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)本周对2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们大发雷霆。
Fans of London Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
本周,伦敦2016年奥运会的粉丝们对法国自行车手保林费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)产生了狂热的印象。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员。
and the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
这位24岁的奥运选手今年夏天还远远不是唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员。
of the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
在这位24岁的奥林匹亚选手中,今年夏天,他远远不是唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员。
the the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
这位24岁的奥运选手远不是这个夏天唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员,他夸耀了自己名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体的说法不会。
to the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
对这位24岁的奥运选手来说,他远不是这个夏天唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员,他们夸耀的是自己的名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体,他们不会这么做。
But this 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员,他们夸耀自己的名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体的说法,他们不会。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honour of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手联合会(FEMAIL)汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the iconic faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和当前横跨我们屏幕的所有标志性面孔,美国足联(FEMAIL)汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the notable faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会,为了纪念目前横跨我们银幕的所有知名人物,法国选手联合会(FEMAIL)汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the prominent faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有杰出人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人长得相像的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the recognizable faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有可辨识的面孔,联邦选手联合会(FEMAIL)汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左翼,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The man and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The hunt and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎物和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左翼,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了Kate在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上的很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Aside from her's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了她骑自行车的副手外,网上的很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Aside from she's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了她骑自行车的副手外,网上很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And of fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And and fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
而且事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And to fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And s fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And a fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
' He is a good-looking dude so I guess it's a compliment. '
他长得帅,所以我想这是恭维。
' He is a good-looking dude so I guess that's a compliment. '
他长得帅,所以我想这是恭维。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of of most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似性。
One of was most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
与2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一无疑今年会更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)与流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of The most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed off even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
毫无疑问,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed up even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
毫无疑问,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员Aliya Mustafina用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星Gloria Estefan的哑谜。
Russian gymnasticsnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据悉,俄罗斯体操运动员阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜(Alya Mustafina)用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,是古巴裔美国歌星格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡(Gloria Estefan)的致命杀手。
Russian dancenast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯舞者Aliya Mustafina用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星Gloria Estefan的哑谜。
Russian performancenast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯演员阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜的双眼大而富于表情,是古巴裔美国歌手格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡的致命杀手。
Russian floornast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
被指为古巴裔美国歌手格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡的哑谜。
Russian balletnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯芭蕾舞演员Aliya Mustafina用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星Gloria Estefan的哑谜。
Changing it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改写:这个用户认为内森是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
of it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
这个用户认为内森是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
the it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
这个用户认为内森是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
to it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
这个用户认为内森是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
and it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
这个用户认为内森是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
Changing it Up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改变:这个用户认为内森是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特,他拥有类似的沉重的额头和嘴唇。
of long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
长期以来,网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特的对比一直以来都是如此,他有着相似的浓密眉毛和嘴唇。
and long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
长期以来,网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和男演员乔希·哈特内特(Josh Hartnett)的眉头和嘴唇都很相像。
to long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
长期以来,网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特的对比一直如此,他有着相似的浓密眉毛和嘴唇。
in long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
长期以来,网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特的对比一直与他有着相似的厚眉和嘴唇。
a long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
长期以来,网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特(Josh Hartnett)的对比一直是如此。
Silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌游泳运动员俄罗斯的尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃的皮肤和金发与演员安娜莉娜·麦科德相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈尔贡·莱维特的运动版”。
Silver medal swimmers Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌游泳运动员俄罗斯的尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃的皮肤和金发与演员安娜琳·麦科德相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈贡·莱维特的竞技版”。
Silver medal swim Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌游泳俄罗斯的尤莉亚埃菲莫娃拥有的不仅仅是演员安娜莉娜·麦科德的裸体皮肤和金发,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是约瑟夫·戈尔贡·莱维特的“运动版”。
Silver medal relay Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌接力赛俄罗斯女演员尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃(Yulia Efimova)的皮肤和金发与演员安娜琳·麦科德(Annalyn McCord)相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安(Nathan Adrian)则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈尔贡·莱维特(Joseph Gorgon Levitt)的“运动版”。
Silver medal swimming Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌游泳俄罗斯的尤莉亚埃菲莫娃拥有的不仅仅是演员安娜莉娜·麦科德的裸体皮肤和金发,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是约瑟夫·戈尔贡·莱维特的“运动版”。
Silver medalist swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌得主俄罗斯选手尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃(Yulia Efimova)的皮肤和金发与演员安娜莉娜·麦科德(Annalyne McCord)相仿,而美国队的内森·艾德里安(Nathan Adrian)则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈贡·莱维特(Joseph Gorgon Levitt)的“运动版”。
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Polo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望波罗,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Taylor, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望泰勒,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Miller, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望米勒,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Pan, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望潘,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Williams, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望威廉姆斯,左边,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右边,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他人也看到了相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very happy that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴看到其他用户也看到这些相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very impressed that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很感动,其他用户也看到这些相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very surprised that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个Twitter用户非常惊讶,因为其他用户也看到这些相似之处
not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
一个Twitter用户很高兴其他人也看到了这些相似之处
and the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
一个Twitter用户很高兴别人也看到了这些相似之处
Floating a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据这位用户说,也许两人相貌相似是有道理的
Floating a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason underlying the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据这位用户说,对子相似的外观背后可能有一个原因
Floating a Theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据这位用户说,对子相似的外观背后可能有一个原因
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位Twitter用户最近浏览了网站,宣布她的幸福感,互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One YouTube user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位YouTube用户最近来到这个网站,宣布她快乐,因为互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是一模一样的。
One com user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位网络用户最近来到了网站,宣布她的幸福感,其他互联网用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One Rue user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
路的一位用户最近来到这个网站,宣布她快乐,其他的互联网用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One She user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
她的一位用户最近来到这个网站,宣布她快乐,因为互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特是完全相同的。
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo as Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位Twitter用户最近浏览了网站,宣布她的幸福感,互联网上的其他用户认为,希望单独成为詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share exactly similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着完全相似的脸型和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share perfectly similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着完全相似的脸型和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share extremely similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着极其相似的脸型和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share very similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着非常相似的脸型和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share equally similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着同样相似的脸型和眼睛.
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparison have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与女演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other common comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他常见的比喻包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other public comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他公开的比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other vocal comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他声乐比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与女演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other media comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他媒体的对比包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国游泳运动员“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese athlete'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国运动员“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese sprinter'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国短跑运动员“死得像只猪 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese runner'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国跑步运动员说“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swim'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国人说“像猪一样游泳 ” 表示歉意.
CBC games commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC比赛评论员对中国游泳运动员“死得像只猪 ” 表示歉意.
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
Byron Macdonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦·麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
Byron McDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦当劳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析后,对周三CBC直播的观众感到愤慨
the MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析后,对周三CBC直播的观众表示愤慨
to MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
据麦当劳分析,14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中名列第四。 周三,美国广播公司(CBC)现场直播的观众对此感到愤慨
and MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析后,对本周三CBC直播的观众表示愤慨
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
the broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
广播公司的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
and broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去。
to broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去。
of broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 15-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名15岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started not dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦麦克唐纳认为他的麦克唐纳在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时并没有放弃他的一些观点,因此他的麦克唐纳的麦克风被关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he began to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he went to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦麦克唐纳认为,在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时,当他发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he got to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,麦克唐纳的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Troy MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家特洛伊麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人关闭了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the race in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人缩小了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay In 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:57-161秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人缩小了在中国的差距。
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
iners across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的用户在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
ofers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的抗议者在对所使用的语气和语言感到震惊之后,在网上迅速做出反应
theers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的科学家在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
anders across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
在加拿大各地,人们在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网上迅速做出反应
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Em Angus Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
安格斯·麦克法兰(Em Angus Macfarlane)在推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Em Allan Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
EmAllanMacfarlane在Twitter上说,“CBC的播音员是否只是说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Em C Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
麦克法兰(EmCMacfarlane)在推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Em Duncan Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
邓肯·麦克法兰(EmDuncanMacfarlane)在推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”?
Em Patrick Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
EmPatrickMacfarlane在Twitter上说,“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
The idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着. ”
The idiot didn't realize they were still off the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还没有露面. ”
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Yuhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳决赛中,中国选手艾玉翰被描述为:“那个14岁来自中国的小男孩把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Yinghan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾英汉被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Qihan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳接力决赛中,中国的艾齐汗被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'This little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:'这14岁的小女孩从中国投球了,宝贝。
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,许多人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron Macdonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,许多人把他叫出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron McDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,许多人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against The MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对MacDonald的批评越来越激烈,许多人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against the MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,许多人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against him MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上的批评对他很激烈,许多人都骂他麦克唐纳
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Cory Macdonlad was being
当人们听到Cory Macdonlad如此麻木不仁时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Justin Macdonlad was being
当人们听到贾斯汀·麦当劳如此麻木不仁时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Kevin Macdonlad was being
当听到KevinMacdonlad如此敏感时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Kyle Macdonlad was being
当人们听到凯尔·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Neal Macdonlad was being
当听到NealMacdonlad如此敏感时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
另一用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
a twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
一个用户,莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道:'哇!
the twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
The twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
and twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
和用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道:'哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳。
to twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
莎拉·帕拉迪斯给Twitter用户写道: “哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族歧视者。
to represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
代表CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
the represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
代表了CBC和加拿大,使我们听起来都像一群种族主义者。
a represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
代表CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
of represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
代表CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
and represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
并代表CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon afterwards, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon afterward, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
Soon later, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
Soon following, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播的斯科特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon followed, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的斯科特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It is an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个很不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It was a unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个很不幸的词选, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It was our unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
我们选择的词是不幸的, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It was the unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个不幸的词选, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It was is unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
单词选择太可惜了, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
研究员,斯科特·鲁塞尔,不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
The commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
评论家斯科特·鲁塞尔不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
the commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
评论家斯科特·鲁塞尔不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
and commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
和评论员,斯科特·鲁塞尔,不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的90多个其他用户的道歉
CBC also copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
CBC还复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的90多个其他用户的道歉
CBC later copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
CBC后来抄袭了90多个抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户,并向他们致歉
CBC had copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
CBC向90多个抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户复制并粘贴了他们的道歉
CBC went copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
CBC抄袭了90多个抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户,并向他们致歉
CBC responded copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
CBC回复了其他90多个抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户,并向他们致歉
The network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发布了一份声明。
The network was also quick to apologize and issued a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发表了一份声明.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
我们对这些言论被发表并被允许播出深感遗憾。
I sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
我对发表这些言论并被允许公开表示诚挚的歉意。
and sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
并对这些言论被发表并被允许播出深感遗憾。
of sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
真诚地感到遗憾的是,这些言论被发表,并被允许播出。
a sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
对这些言论被发表,并被允许播出深表遗憾。
the sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
对这些言论被发表,并被允许公开表示诚挚的歉意。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
We went quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚飞快地向空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者道歉。
the moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
昨夜行动迅速,向空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者致歉。
and moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
,昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者道歉。
in moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
于昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者致歉。
a moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
昨夜行动迅速,向我们的空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者致歉。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
of be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
the be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
to be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
and be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
To make clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,他们太不合适了,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话非常抱歉。
of said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,他们太不合适了,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话深表歉意。
to said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,这些话不合适,而且很不幸,拜伦对他所说的话深表歉意。
the said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说着,他们很不合适,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话深表歉意。
and said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说着,他们太不合适了,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话非常抱歉。
That understood, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
听懂了,他们太不合适了,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话感到非常抱歉。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为“攻击”。
On the afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图通过表示他的意思来限制他的话,他的意思不是把它解释为人身攻击。
On that afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
那天下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是把它解释为人身攻击。
On to afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
到了下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是把它解释为人身攻击。
On it afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
当天下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是把它解释为人身攻击。
On was afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
当天下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是把它解释为人身攻击。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person. '
我指的是一个游泳运动员的表演,而不是指一个普通人。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to they as a person. '
我指的是一个游泳运动员的表演,而不是说他们是一个人。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to themselves as a person. '
我指的是游泳运动员的表演,而不是他们自己。
' Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry. '
不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉.
' Forless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry. '
不言而喻,没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉。
' Inless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry. '
“ 不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉. ”
' Andless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry. '
不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉.
' Iless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry. '
不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉.
' Loveless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry. '
“ 不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉. ”
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
普利马克顾客对在商店中心肆无忌惮地尝试穿内衣的妇女感到愤怒
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried in underwear in the middle of the shop
普利马克顾客对在商店中心肆无忌惮地尝试内衣的女人大发雷霆
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一名妇女脱衣去试穿Primark中心店铺的尼克斯时,店主不知道该往哪里看。
Shop people didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
商店里的人不知道在哪里看,当一个女人脱下衣服在普里马克的中间的商店地板上试穿尼克斯时。
Shop customers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一名女士脱衣去试穿Primark中心店铺的尼克斯时,店主不知道该往哪里看。
Shop men didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
商店里的男人不知道在哪里看,当一个女人脱下衣服在普里马克的中间的商店地板上试穿尼克斯时。
Shop they didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一个妇女脱衣去试穿Primark中心店铺的尼克斯时,他们不知道该往哪里看。
Shop I didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一个女人脱衣去试穿Primark中心商店地板上的尼克斯时,我不知道该往哪里看。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一下,把它们从书架上剥下来,然后放回书架上。
the make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一番,把他们从书架上剥下来,放回书架上。
to make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一番,把他们从书架上剥下来,放回书架上。
of make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
更糟糕的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一番,把他们从书架上剥下来,放回书架上。
and make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一番,把他们从书架上剥下来,放回书架上。
To cause it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一番,把它们剥下来放回架子上。
She carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She continued on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布鲁克斯通(Bouverie Place Place Centre, Folkestone)的商店试穿了四套内衣。
She had on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她在Folkestone的Bouverie Place购物中心浏览了四件内衣,最终试穿了四件内衣。
She ran on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通的商店里浏览了一下,最后试穿了四套内衣。
She went on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She and on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她在Bouverie Place购物中心,Folkestone浏览并尝试了四套内衣。
The Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通。 在那里,女人尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
the Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通,在那里,女人试穿小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架上
in Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
位于布韦里广场的Primark商店,位于Folkestone购物中心,该店的女顾客尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
a Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
在布韦里广场的Primark商店,位于Folkestone购物中心,店里的女人尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
and Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
和普利马克商店在布韦里广场购物中心,福尔克斯通,在那里,女人尝试了尼克斯尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架上
of Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普利马克商店位于布韦里广场购物中心,福尔克斯通。 在那里,女人尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
She said :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
She wrote :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她写道: “ 人们不相信他们看到的. ”
She says :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
She observed :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
She I :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
“ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
She was :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
“ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
站在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
the in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
在商店的地板中央,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
of in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿了两条小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
to in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
到了商店的地板中央,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
in in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
在店铺的中间,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
and in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
在店铺的中间,她从橱窗里拿了两条小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and clearly didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and apparently didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and then didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来,然后就不喜欢了,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and she didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,她不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and he didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都在盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,他不喜欢,因为她把它们放回架子上。
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也没有喜欢之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She had the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也不喜欢之前,她也有了同样的三对,于是她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She tried the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
她再试了三双,最后决定她什么也不喜欢,然后又穿上衣服走了出去。
She went the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
她和另外三条牛仔裤照样穿,最后决定她什么也不喜欢,于是她又穿上衣服走了出去。
She was the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也不喜欢之前,她还是和另外三条牛仔裤一样,于是她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did a same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也没有喜欢之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She did't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She couldn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' she didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She didn't seemed to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在意谁在看电视,也不在意谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She didn't seems to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊!
and Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
33岁的戴维森住在肯特镇上,他说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
the Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
住在肯特镇的33岁的戴维森说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
a Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
一位住在肯特镇的33岁的大卫森说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
of Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的大卫森住在肯特镇,他说:“认为有人要把别人穿的尼克斯带回家是多么恶心啊!
to Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
住在肯特镇的33岁的戴维森对他说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊,因为别人穿的夹克裤还没有洗干净。”
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
那件事发生在星期二下午.
The incident happened on Tuesday evening.
那件事发生在星期二晚上.
The incident happened on Tuesday overnight.
这件事发生在星期二的一夜之间.
Ms Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集到的工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。”
Ms Campbell added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
坎贝尔女士补充道:“我收集到的工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。”
Ms Walker added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
沃克女士补充道:“我收集的工作人员显然试图在她离开后将衣服从售出,这也正是一样。”
Ms Reid added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
里德女士补充道:“我收集到的工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。”
the Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集的工人们显然都试图在她离开后将衣服从售出——这也正是一样。”
and Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:‘我发现工人们显然想在她离开后把衣服脱下——这也正是一样。’
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期二在我们的福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place at our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日发生在我们Folkestone商店的一个事件。
A Primark spokesperson said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普里马克知道8月9日星期二发生在我们福尔克斯通商店的一件事情。
All the product in question has been removed from sale.
有关产品已全部从销售中取消.
All the product in question has been recalled from sale.
有关产品已全部从销售中召回.
All the product in question has been closed from sale.
有关产品已全部停止销售.
All the product in question has been withdrawn from sale.
有关产品已全部退出销售.
All the product in question has been eliminated from sale.
有关产品已全部从销售中取消.
All the product in question has been banned from sale.
有关产品已全部禁止销售.
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
the's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
of's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
and's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. org might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.org的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
It's a deadly world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界是致命的,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦祖母Rhon Mizrachi谈过,想了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We talked to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦的瑞恩·米兹拉奇(Rhon Mizrachi)谈过如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We called to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们打电话给总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦祖母Rhon Mizrachi,想了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We attended to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们参加了设在纽约的克拉夫马加联合会祖母Rhon Mizrachi会议,探讨如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We met to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与设在纽约的克拉夫马加联邦的奶奶Rhon Mizrachi会面,了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We went to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们去了位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦的祖母Rhon Mizrachi,想了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动起来。
Whether your're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论从前面还是后面接近你,这段视频都会告诉你如何将你的扳手的桌子转动。
of you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
当你从前面或后面被接近时,这段视频会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动。
to you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
在前面或后面与你联系时,这段视频会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动。
the you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
从前面或后面接近你,这段视频将告诉你如何将你的扳手的桌子转动。
in you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
在前面或后面与你接触时,这段视频会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果从后面走近,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If attacked from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果来自后方的攻击,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If approaching from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果从后面走近,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
to approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,从后面走近,要做的第一件事就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者,并“扫清炮线”。
of approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,从后面靠近的人,首先要做的是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者,并“扫清火线”。
in approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,从后面走近时,首先要做的是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“扫清火线”。
You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
然后,你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You the grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You with grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用自由的肘部击打他们的脸部。
You to grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You and grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
握住前臂和肩膀之间的枪,然后用自由的肘部击打他们的脸部。
You or grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
你或握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in agony, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖来到腹股沟后面,当攻击者痛苦地翻身时,你从他的双手中扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles out in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者疼得双身跳出来时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles down in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者疼得双身倒下时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles back in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者双回疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子敲他的脸,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles away in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者疼得双身背上身子时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,把重物放在枪上,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后向上指着他。
in the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举起重物,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后用枪指着他。
a the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,把重物放在枪上,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后向上指着他。
to the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举起重物,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后用枪指着他。
the the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举起重物,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后用枪指着他。
of the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举重,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后用枪指着他。
But remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
但是记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的办法是交出你的钱——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母的话。
But know that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
但是你要知道,从任何抢劫中最安全的办法是交出你的钱——如果你不是克拉夫·马加的祖母的话。
But Remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
但是记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的一条出路——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母——是交出你的钱。
and remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
并且记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的一条出路——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母——是交出你的现金。
of remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的一条出路——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母——是交出你的钱。
in remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的一条出路——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母——是交出你的钱。
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭将盐灰、康沃尔市议会的房屋夷为平地
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall councils house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭会破坏Cornwall理事会的Saltash住房
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall Council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,玉米墙议会大楼的酸奶家庭被摧毁了
Family of habs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,Habs家庭已毁坏了Cornwall市政厅的Saltash
Family of cobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,Cornwall市政厅的Cobs家庭被毁,Soltash
Family of dabs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,Dabs家庭在Cornwall市政厅的Saltash被摧毁
A family of yobs left their council house with £50, 000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
在他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出后,一家人离开了他们的议会大厦,损失达5万英镑。
A group of yobs left their council house with £50, 000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
在他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出后,一群瑜珈带着价值50,000英镑的财产损失离开了他们的议会大厦。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
Tanya Skeldon和她的伴侣Shaun Trebilcock在Cornwall的Saltash的房产中被逐出,此前,他们曾受到一长串的抱怨。
Tanya Skeldon and the partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
Tanya Skeldon和合伙人Shaun Trebilcock在Cornwall的Saltash的房产中被逐出,此前有很长的一长串针对他们的投诉。
After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
在他们被强行搬离房产后,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
After they was forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
在他们被强行搬离房产后,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
After they were forcefully removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
在他们被强行搬离房产后,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
the they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
他们被强行搬离房产,震惊的房屋协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
and they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
他们被强行搬离房屋,房屋协会官员震惊地发现房屋处于失修状态。
to they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
他们被强行搬离房产,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有裂缝,地板被撕开,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls are left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕了,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls was left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕了,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
the walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕了,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
to walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕裂,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
of walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕裂,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
in McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
在McEvoy,CornwallHouse的房屋经理说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
the McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔(CornwallHouse)房屋经理麦克埃沃(McEvoy)表示,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
of McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理麦克埃沃(McEvoy)表示,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
and McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)的房屋经理麦克埃沃(McEvoy)表示,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
to McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
对Cornwall住房公司住房经理麦克埃沃伊说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 对于这里的人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
the said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
这绝对是一个恶梦,对这里的人们来说,我认为人们不应该这样生活。
to said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
说:对这里的人来说,这真是一场噩梦,我认为人们不应该过那种生活。
of said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
例句这个人说:"对下面的人来说,这真是一场噩梦,我认为人们不应该过那种生活。
and said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
并且说:对这里的人们来说,这绝对是个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活。
She I :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
对于这里的人来说,这真是一场噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活.
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的这种属性可能会被不那么好的元素所了解。
the are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的不合适元素可能会知道这些属性。
in are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
里面有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的不合适元素可能会知道这些属性。
of are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
其中有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的这种属性可能会被不那么好的元素所了解。
a are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的这个属性可能是由不太好的元素来认识的。
to are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的不合适元素可能会知道这些属性。
This family are notorious and their name is notorious.
这个家庭臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This family are notorious and their name are notorious.
这个家庭臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This family are notorious and their name is infamous.
这个家庭臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This family are notorious and their name is famous.
这个家庭很臭名昭著,他们的名字很出名.
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple did three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇间歇性地在地产里生了三个儿子,警察说,这家人制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、贩毒和大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three children who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个孩子,他们间歇住在这栋地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、贩毒和大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three boys who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个男孩,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上的名字,在六月被授予反社会行为的命令。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an illegalsocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租户名下,在六月被下令采取非法社会行为。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an exsocial behaviour order in June.
现年47岁的Skeldon, 被租户称为承租人, 6月份被下令采取社会交往行为.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an ansocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上名,在六月被授以社会行为勋章。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an inappropriatesocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上名,在六月被授予了不适当的社会行为命令。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an unlawfulsocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租户名下,在六月被下令采取非法社会行为。
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the streets and police were regularly called
邻居们说,人们看到他们在街上打架,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in was street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到他们在街上打架,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in episode street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到在突发事件街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in Ramsay street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到拉姆齐街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了该地,给他们延长了11周的期间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them a extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了房产,给他们延长了11周的时间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them the extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周将她和伴侣强行逐出了该地,给他们延长了11周的期间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them to extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)于本周将她和伴侣强行逐出房屋,给他们11周的延长时间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them with extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了房产,给他们11周的延长时间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them of extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周将她和她的伴侣强行逐出房屋,给他们延长了11周的时间,让他们自愿搬家。
We lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们和他们住在一起20年了,一直很糟。
We lived next to them for 20 years and it's never been bad.
我们和他们住在一起20年了,从来就没有坏过。
The amount of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数多得难以置信。
The amount of times we've seen the Police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数多得难以置信。
We got up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们起床是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We woke up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们醒来是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We went up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们上去是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯了!
We came up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们上来是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We started up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们开始是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We climbed up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们爬上去是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
in Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
在Fitzpatrick,CornwallHouse的街区执行经理说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
of Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔房屋的街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克表示,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
and Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房的街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
to Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
对CornwallHouse街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
the Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房的街坊执行经理菲茨帕特里克说,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
The family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住过20年,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house for 20 decades, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里已经生活了20年,警察经常叫人到那所房子去
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the ingrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被扔下议会大楼的一旁
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the sgrown side of the council house
垃圾和古老的玩具被扔下议会大楼的长成一团的一面
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the ofgrown side of the council house
垃圾和古老的玩具被扔到了议会大楼的一旁
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the agrown side of the council house
垃圾和古老的玩具被扔下议会大楼的一旁
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the thegrown side of the council house
垃圾和古老的玩具被扔到了议会大楼的长成一面
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been frightening for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 一定 使 她 的 邻居 不敢 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been horrific for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 对 她 的 邻居 来说 一定 是 可怕 的 。
This was a a difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 困难 的 例子, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This was a was difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
the was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这是一个非常困难的案件,因为这种行为是极端的,他们的所作所为对她的邻居来说一定是可怕的。
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我欣赏我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I welcome all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我 欢迎 我 的 小组, 德文郡 和 康沃尔 警察 以及 勇敢 地 前来 向 我们 提供 情况 的 社区 成员 所 进行 的 所有 工作 。
I thank all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我感谢我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I understand all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我理解我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I thanks all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我感谢我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I appreciate everything the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我欣赏我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I intend that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我 打算, 这 一发 展 将 使 邻国 感到 安慰, 并 发出 一 种 信息, 即 不容 忍 反 社会 行为 。
I plan that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我计划这一事态发展会给邻居们一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即反社会行为不会被容忍。
I aim that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我 的 目标 是, 这 一发 展 将 给 邻国 带来 一些 安慰, 并 发出 一 种 信息, 即 不容 忍 反 社会 行为 。
I believe that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我相信,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I want that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望这一事态发展能给邻居们带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息:反社会行为是不能容忍的。
Mr Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick先生说,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
the Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
费茨帕特里克夫妇说,三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
a Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨帕特里克说,三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
of Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick说,这三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在这栋地产里,但他们都已经20多岁了。
and Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick说,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在地产里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
to Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨帕特里克对菲茨帕特里克说,三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
迁出后,屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块脏兮兮的床垫
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedroom in the house after the eviction
被逐出后,屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块脏兮兮的床垫
A filthy mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
驱赶之后,屋子内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一个脏兮兮的床垫
A stained mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
迁出后,房屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块污迹斑斑的床垫
A old mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
迁出后,房内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块旧床垫
A clean mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
搬迁后,房屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块干净的床垫
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
房屋工人现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles with rubbish which surround the house
房屋工人现在不得不清除房屋周围堆积的垃圾
to workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
现在,工人不得不清理房屋周围的堆积如山的垃圾
the workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
工人们现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
and workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
现在,工人们不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
of workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
现在,工人们不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平(parphelinia)和1,700英镑现金。
In 2014, detectives raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,侦探突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和鳞片、附着物和1700英镑现金。
In 2014, Police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
in 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
the 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,在大麻和天平上发现了70多克的大麻和天平,其中附着家具和1,700英镑的现金。
and 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1, 700 in cash.
和2014年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有B类毒品,意图供应毒品。
S Fendon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
SFendon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有一种B类药物,意图供应。
S Reardon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
SReardon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有一种B类毒品,意图供应毒品。
S Gildon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
SGildon在承认拥有B类毒品并意图供应后被罚款。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Category B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在承认拥有B类毒品并意图供应后被处以罚款。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Schedule B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在认罪后被处以罚款,罪名是持有一份附表B所列药物,并打算供应。
She claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她声称,这笔钱是她儿子Lee Skeldon的墓碑上的,她的儿子在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
the claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她的儿子李·斯克尔敦在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
and claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
并声称这笔钱是她儿子Lee Skeldon的墓碑上的,她的儿子在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
to claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她的儿子Lee Skeldon在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
in claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她的儿子Lee Skeldon在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
a claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她的儿子李·斯克尔敦在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
After being declared homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在被宣布无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
After being rendered homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
After being placed homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
After being found homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
After being Made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout a rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些无视租赁规则的房客
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout of rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout to rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐违反租赁规则的房客
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout in rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些在租约中玩弄规则的房客
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the laws of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁法的房客
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·克劳说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
to Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
对德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的克劳说,驱逐行动向继续违反规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
the Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的乌鸦说,驱逐行动对继续违反规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
and Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的克劳说,驱逐行动对继续违反规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
a Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的乌鸦说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
in Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡和康沃尔警察局的克劳说,驱逐行动对继续违反规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
' This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为的人以及被这种行为所害的人来说, 也是如此.
' This sent out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为, 以及被这种行为所害的人来说.
' This calls out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己行为举止不受责备的人, 以及被这种行为所害的人来说, 确实如此.
' This reaches out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这既能惠及那些认为自己行为举止不受指责的人, 也能惠及那些受这种行为伤害的人.
' This sends down to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己可以无反感地表现自己的人, 以及被这种行为所伤害的人来说.
' That sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己行为举止不受指责的人, 以及被这种行为所害的人来说, 也是如此.
Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍犯罪和反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作保护我们的社区。
the and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方绝不容忍这种反社会的行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作保护我们的社区。
of and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方绝不容忍反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作,保护我们的社区。
and and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方绝不容忍反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作保护我们的社区。
Criminal or antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍犯罪或反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作保护我们的社区。
Criminal and unsocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍犯罪和非社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作,保护我们的社区。
Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland for Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton will stick with Richardson as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持理查森作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton will stick with him as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将继续作为最高法院的提名人
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)为最高法院法官。
Senate Democrat Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)为最高法院法官。
Senate Democratic Leader George Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(George Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里?克林顿(Hillary Clinton)将向最高法院提名梅里克?
Senate Democratic Leader Bill Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德说,他相信民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰法官进入最高法院,如果她当选总统的话。
Senate Democratic Leader Bob Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Bob Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)为最高法院法官。
Senate Democratic Leader Jerry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Jerry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里?克林顿(Hillary Clinton)将向最高法院提名梅里克?
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院共和党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
the Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
of Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
多数党领袖麦克康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安托宁·斯卡利亚的人选。
and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿会选择加兰,这在一定程度上是可信的。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick McCain " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选麦凯恩。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick her " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选她。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick him " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选他。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Gore " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿将“以一定的可信度”挑选戈尔。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick the " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预测克林顿将会选择“有一定可信度的”。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈论她是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A spokespersonswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A spokesmanswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A staffswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女职员后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A aideswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位助手后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名加兰,并进行投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly on whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿讨论她是否提名加兰并进行投机。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " rush the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会“急于”用新的选择“划船”。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " move the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的球队不会想用新的选择“移动船只”。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " push the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“推船”。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " bump the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会“撞船”的新选择。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " float the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的球队不会想用新的选择“漂船”。
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid says Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid called Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德称阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid told Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德对阻挠加兰提名的共和党人说,这是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“奴才”。
Reid responded Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德回应说,阻止加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸”和“使能者”。
Reid wrote Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德写道,阻碍加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
Treats杂志与摄影师David Bellenmere合作,推出了一个2017年由Pirelli灵感创下的2017年日历。
Treats Magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《》杂志与摄影师大卫·贝尔米尔合作,推出2017年的《皮雷利》杂志。
Treats magazine 2018 partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《2018》杂志与摄影师大卫·贝勒米尔合作,推出2017年的《皮雷里》杂志。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为2017年NUMUS日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But Instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为2017年NUMUS日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But instead from famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但是从著名的裸体人士那里,他们开始为他们的2017年NUMUS日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But instead about famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但是对于著名的裸体人来说,他们正着手为2017年NUMUS日历寻找新一代的顶级模特。
But instead having famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但是,在拥有著名的裸体人士之后,他们开始为2017年NUMUS日历寻找新一代的顶级模特。
But instead the famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但更确切地说,那些著名的裸体人,他们开始为2017年NUMUS日历寻找新一代的顶级模特。
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席史蒂夫肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体重型杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Treats CEO Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待首席执行官史蒂夫肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体重型杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
Treats employee Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待员工史蒂夫肖在今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
Treats owner Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
治疗主人史蒂夫肖在今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体重型杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Treats executive Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待执行官史蒂夫·肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
Treats founder Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待创始人史蒂夫肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性一样的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体,在这种裸体中,女性和男性都感到舒适,并受到女性身体这些形象的启发。”
" We want to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们想回到那些让女性和男性都感到舒适和受女性身体这些形象鼓舞的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体中去。”
" I need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说,“我需要回到那些让女性和男性都感到舒适和受女性身体这些形象鼓舞的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体中去。”
" The need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说,“我们需要回归到让女性和男性都感到舒适和受女性身体这些形象鼓舞的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体中去。”
" They need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说,“她们需要回到那些让女性和男性都感到舒适和受女性身体这些形象鼓舞的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体中去。”
" we need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性一样的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体,在这种裸体中,女性和男性都感到舒适,并受到女性身体这些形象的启发。”
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特们可以在网上或亲自在公开的电话中提交图片。
Models may submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特儿可以在线或亲自在公开的点播会上提交图片。
Models must submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特们必须在线或亲自在公开的电话中提交图片。
Models possible submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特们可能在线或亲身在公开的铸造电话中提交图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting call in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特可以在线或亲身在公开的铸造电话中提供图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting phones in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特们可以在网上或亲自在公开的铸造手机上提交图片。
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家说,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of the vertebrate on the planet.
科学家说,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上脊椎动物最长的。
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Hansen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·汉森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Christensen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·克里斯滕森说,有记录显示,一只雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Petersen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·彼德森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Lange, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的Julius Lange说,有记录显示,一只雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
of Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究鲨鱼的尼尔森说,有记录显示,一只雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Khan refugee camp
法国法院驳回拆除Khan难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Village refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁村庄难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at French refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆除法国难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Indian refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁印度难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Taliban refugee camp
法国法院拒绝拆除塔利班难民营商店的投标
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林难民营内成千上万难民居住的几十间临时商店和餐馆的投标。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shop and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林营地数十间临时商店和餐馆的投标,那里有数千名难民居住。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops to restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林营地餐馆的数十间临时商店的要求,那里有数千名难民居住。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops a restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来州当局提出的拆除丛林营地的几十家临时餐馆的投标,那里有数千名难民。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops one restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林难民营内一家餐馆的几十间临时商店的投标,那里有数千名难民。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops in restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来州当局提出的拆除丛林营地餐馆的数十间临时商店的投标,那里有数千名难民居住。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a trial hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的一次听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几口欧的零食。
At a court hearing that week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在上周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a court hearing last week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在上周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应该能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a court hearing the week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的一次庭审中,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供理发,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几口欧的零食。
At a court hearing this week, Lille authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,里尔政府称,国家应该能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
The Lille prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
里尔县长办公室认为,这些地方应该被拆毁,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
the Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
a Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
and Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该被拆毁,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
of Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加来省省长办公室认为这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 十分 重要, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 食物 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Humanitarian groups has told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义团体告诉法庭,这些商店和餐馆至关重要,他们表示,一个由政府支持的协会和其他团体提供的免费膳食没有为难民营中越来越多的人提供足够的食物。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shop and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭 说, 商店 和 餐馆 十分 重要, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食, 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter or free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所或免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often offered shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆经常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often gave shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often served shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆经常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often brought shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆经常给有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但是他说,加来州长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Lille prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔法庭裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但利尔监狱长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Brest prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔法庭裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但布列斯特监狱长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Nord prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔法庭裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但北区省长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
A Calais court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
一家加来法院裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但表示加来省长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
法官让-弗朗索瓦·莫拉说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物要大得多。
The court, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
法院的Jean-FrançoisMolla说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物要大得多。
The jury, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
陪审团让-弗朗索瓦·莫拉说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅喂养那些“生活极度危险”的人要大得多。
The judges, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
评委Jean-FrançoisMolla说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物要大得多。
The the, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
Jean-François Molla说,食品杂货、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用远远大于仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物。
The of, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
Jean-FrançoisMolla的发言人说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物要大得多。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees the volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民志愿者提供了平静的会晤点。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting point between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting spots between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的聚会场所。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting places between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的聚会场所。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting zones between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的聚会场所。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One the the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One in the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到拆毁威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One a the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the buildings that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到拆除威胁的建筑之一是营地丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名孤身易受伤害的未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the facilities that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的设施之一是营地丛林书儿童"咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名弱势孤身未成年人提供庇护咨询。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了一份保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition for protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了一份保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition will protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了一份请愿书,以保护孩子们的咖啡馆。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition fight protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition help protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人已经签署了一份保护孩子的“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition to protect a kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了保护儿童咖啡馆的请愿书。
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for these pupils, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,关闭这些学生“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for these schools, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,关闭这些学校“将是一场灾难,其中一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for those children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,因为有些孩子只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for the children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封建会给孩子带来灾难,有些孩子只有八岁。
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for this children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,因为有些孩子只有八岁。”
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数急剧增长之后人数最多的一次。
Two organisations, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已上升至9 000人以上,是夏季抵达人数急剧增长之后人数最多的一次。
Two charity, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数急剧增长之后人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Support Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
支持难民组织和移民组织(L'Auberge des Guigrants)周五估计,丛林难民营的人数已上升至9 000人以上,是夏季来临时急剧增加以来人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Save Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
拯救难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)于上周五估计,丛林难民营的人数已超过9000人,是夏季抵达人数急剧增加之后人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Action Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
周五,援助难民行动组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林营地的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数急剧增长之后人数最多的一次。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Feng, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周风是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,接受华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Dong, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周冬是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Qing, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周青是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Jiang, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周江是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Bai, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周白是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 5000-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了5000元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered her a 5000-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了5000元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered She a 5000-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了5000元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 500-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了500元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a thousand-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了1000元的补贴。
When she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League offered she a 000-yuan subsidy on August 9.
当她担心学费时,共青团县委会于8月9日向她提供了1000元的补贴。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38亿元的助学金。
of, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
其中,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38万元的助学金。
in, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
国家有关部门共对690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38万元的补助。
the, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38万元的助学金。
and, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38亿元的助学金。
Recently, a related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled 2. 838 million yuan to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38亿元的助学金。
It also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
基金会还为经济情况极其差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
the also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
亦为经济情况极差的学生举办社会筹款活动,以协助他们完成学业。
and also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
并且组织社会筹款活动,帮助那些经济情况极差的学生完成学业。
a also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
亦为经济情况极差的学生筹募社会基金,以协助他们完成学业。
in also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
也为处于极度经济困难的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
to also organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them accomplish their study.
同时组织社会筹款活动,帮助那些经济情况极差的学生完成学业。
This year, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县整合教育经费1850多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
This season, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
本赛季,华远县整合教育经费1850多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
the year, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县整合教育经费1850多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
in year, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
华远县每年整合教育经费1850多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
and year, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县整合教育经费1850多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
to year, Huayuan County integrated more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县整合教育经费1850多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学费。在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。她感激地说。
" I realized my elder brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我意识到我哥哥和我负担不起大学学习的费用,在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。
" I thought my eldest brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我的大哥都负担不起大学的学费。在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。
" I thought my older brother and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥都负担不起大学的学费,在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。
" I thought my elder sister and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我姐姐都负担不起大学的学费。在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。
" I thought my elder brothers and I cannot afford the college study after my father passed away. It never occurred to me before the county government helped us so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我的哥哥们都负担不起大学的学费。在县政府这么及时地帮我们之前,我从未想到过。她感激地说。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2,100多万元。
As as August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2,100多万元。
As end August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2,100多万元。
As by August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2,100多万元。
As on August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种扶贫资金2,100多万元。
the of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than 21 million yuan of various relief funds this first half year for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students.
八月八日,华远县今年上半年共向13,140名贫困学生募集各种赈灾资金2,100多万元。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
县内所有应当得到资助的贫困学生都得到了财政资助。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been funded financially.
县内所有应当得到资助的贫困学生都得到了资金资助。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在一名交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According by the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According told the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the reporter on incident scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据事故现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在一名交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the reporter on accident scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据事故现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the speed lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2 cm deep pit on the road.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在一名交通警察指挥下驶向高速车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路上深陷2厘米。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)在悉尼歌剧院推出自其成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to The Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)在悉尼歌剧院推出自其成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to official Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据官方的新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)来启动自悉尼歌剧院成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According by the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)来启动自悉尼歌剧院成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According per the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)来启动自悉尼歌剧院成立以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According reported the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) to launch the biggest renovation on the famous Sydney Opera House since its establishment.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)在悉尼歌剧院进行自其成立以来规模最大的翻新。
The New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
was New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
the New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
to New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
对新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
of New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
and New South Wales government said the renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house.
新南威尔士州政府表示,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,建于1973年。
of Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师约恩乌通设计,建于1973年,每年约800万游客参观。
to Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼的标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师约恩乌通设计,建于1973年,每年约有800万游客前来参观。
in Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师约恩乌通设计,建于1973年,每年约有800万游客参观。
the Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师约恩乌通设计,建于1973年,每年约有800万游客参观。
and Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and built in 1973. It welcomes about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼的标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师约恩乌通设计,建于1973年,每年约有800万游客前来参观。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住六个月以上的非永久性居民,在北京有稳定合法的工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have resided in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住六个月以上的非永久性居民,在北京有稳定合法的工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have been in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,在北京有稳定合法就业或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的,可以申请居留证。
Non-resident residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住六个月以上的非居民居民,在北京有稳定合法的工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的,可以申请居留证。
Non-direct residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住六个月以上的非直接居民,在北京有稳定合法的工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的,可以申请居留证。
Non-official residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and have a stable and legal employment or accommodation or conditions for continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,在北京有稳定合法工作或者住宿条件或者继续教育条件的非官方居民,可以申请居留证。
Recently, the launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的实施细节的出台表明,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, a launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近推出的《居住证暂行条例》的实施细则表明,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, of launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
近日推出的《居留证暂行条例》实施细则表明,"临时居留证"将升级为"居留证"。
of, the launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
,推出《居住证暂行规例》的详情,显示「临时居住证」将会提升为「居住证」。
and, the launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
以及《居住证暂行条例》实施细则的推出,显示「临时居住证」会升格为「居住证」。
in, the launch of implementation details of " Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " indicates that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
在《居住证暂行条例》实施细则的推出,显示「临时居住证」将会提升为「居住证」。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible officer of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible member of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门的一位负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible figure of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门的负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible representative of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门的一位负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
A responsible head of the relevant department said that the transition from the " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift its administration for non-permanent residents from the " management " to multi-directional services.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡意味着,中国政府将把对非永久性居民的管理从“管理”转向多方向服务。
Today, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
Today, a journalist learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
Today, a writer learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
今天,一位作家从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
of, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
其中,一名记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
the, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
一名记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
in, a reporter learned from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
一名记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
It is understood that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据了解,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It was understood that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据了解,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It it understood that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据了解,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It is known that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
众所周知,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It is know that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门迈出了第一步,发布了针对重大违反税法行为的信息披露方法以及税收抵免管理办法。
It is documented that in July 2014, SAT took the first step in the central government departments to issue an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violations along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
有文件证明,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司在中央政府各部门采取第一个步骤,在税收抵免管理办法的同时,发布了重大违反税规定行为的信息披露方法。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
In addition with the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
In addition as the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
此外,非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚、非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息将列入"黑名单"。
In addition of the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚、非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息外,还将列入"黑名单"。
In addition considering the illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
此外,考虑到非法事实、法律依据、这些案件的处理和处罚情况、非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息,将列入"黑名单"。
In addition to to illegal facts, legal basis, the handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除违法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人的基本信息也将列入"黑名单"。
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”党采取相关纪律措施.
Quality scrutiny, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”政党采取相关纪律措施.
Quality examination, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”政党采取相关纪律措施.
Quality investigation, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对黑名单党采取相关纪律措施.
Quality audit, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”党采取相关纪律措施.
Quality inspector, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 官 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”党采取相应的纪律措施.
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,它表明我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" the credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是构建全社会税收信用体系乃至信用体系的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit restoration mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用恢复机制是构建全社会税收信用体系乃至信用体系的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit recovery mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用追偿机制是构建全社会税收抵偿制度乃至信用制度的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用制度建设日趋成熟。
" The credit replacement mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用置换机制是我国税收抵免制度乃至整个社会税收抵免制度建设的重要里程碑,它标志着我国社会信用制度建设日趋成熟。
" The credit damage mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用损害机制是我国税收信用制度乃至整个社会信用制度建设的重要里程碑,它表明我国社会信用制度建设日趋成熟。
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" Environmental problem are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
环境问题主要表现在大气、水和土壤污染上,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。
" Environment problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
环境问题主要表现在大气、水和土壤污染上,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。
" Resource problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
“资源问题是大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但根源还在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" Water problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
水问题是大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。
" Resources problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
“资源问题是大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但根源还在于生产方式和生活方式。”
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For the, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For was, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
江苏省的土地开发比在2015年达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For as, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
江苏省的土地开发比在2015年达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For in, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
江苏省土地开发比在2015年达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For a, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
Therefore, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
因此,在生产和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用等问题。
the, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
在生产方式和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用等问题。
of, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
在生产方式和生活方式的转变中,高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用问题基本上没有得到解决。
and, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用等问题在生产和生活方式的转变中基本上没有得到解决。
to, the problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
在生产方式和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和土地占用等问题。
Therefore, a problem of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and land occupation has not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
因此, 在 生产 和 生活方式 的 转变 中 根本 没有 解决 污染 严重 、 能源 消耗 严重 和 土地 占用 的 问题 。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On to one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On of one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On and one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On a one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
On in one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of the establishment achievement of ecological environment of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境压力却很大。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
要切实推进生态环境保护和治理,就要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,推动民生的转变。
to solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
大力推进生态环境保护和治理,从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
of solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
大力推进生态环境保护和治理,从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
the solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
大力推进生态环境保护和治理,从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
and solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
大力推进生态环境保护和治理,从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
a solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
大力推进生态环境保护和治理,从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,郭淀集团生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
the the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,郭淀集团生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
in the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,郭淀集团生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
of the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,郭淀集团生产的42个风力涡轮叶片已准备好从连云港码头运往南非。
to the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
至本月十一日,郭淀集团生产的42个风力涡轮叶片已准备好从连云港码头运往南非。
and the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by Guodian Group was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,郭淀集团生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
Since last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,郭店集团共将163套风力发电项目从连云港出口到南非。
in last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
去年,郭淀集团从连云港共向南非出口了163套风力发电项目。
of last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
去年,郭店集团共将163套风力发电项目从连云港出口到南非。
to last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
至去年,郭店集团共将163套风力发电项目从连荣港出口至南非。
the last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
去年,郭淀集团从连云港共向南非出口了163套风力发电项目。
and last year, Guodian Group has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
去年,郭店集团共将163套风力发电项目从连云港出口到南非。
The third party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The third Party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The second party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的第二家党(非中国公司)位于距圣保罗市75公里的巴西圣保罗州。
The fourth party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
第四党(非中国公司)受奥运组织委员会委托,位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The private party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的私人党(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The independent party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
奥林匹克奥组委委托的独立党(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为了敦促制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To encourage the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为了鼓励制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To advise the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为建议生产商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To aid the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为协助制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行了深入的工作。
To induce the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为促使制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To pressure the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Chinese Consulate General in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为了迫使制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆派专人前往厂家进行深入的工作。
After overtime work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After repetitive work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30个小时的重复工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After labor work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的劳动劳动,终于完成了中国国旗的生产并装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After extra work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的额外工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After internal work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的内部工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After the work of 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
工作30小时后,生产厂家终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克组织委员会接获国旗后将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It is said that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,国旗将于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克奥组委接获国旗后,将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It is confirmed that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
经证实,国旗将于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克奥组委接获国旗后,会把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程均由中国驻巴西大使馆监督。
It is announced that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,国旗将于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克奥组委接获国旗后,会把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程均由中国驻巴西大使馆监督。
It was reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克奥组委接获国旗后将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
and is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues after receiving the flag. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗将于十一月十一日抵达里约热内卢,奥林匹克奥组委接获国旗后将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
( This newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加。
( This Newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,价值不低于1亿元人民币的20多个湖通工业对接项目现场签字。
( The newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加。
( I newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加。
( A newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加。
( the newspaper ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of cooperation activities at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心开展了一系列合作活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的20个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 25 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的25个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 15 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的15个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 18 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的18个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 30 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的30个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 22 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的22个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first trial city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12个试验城市,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first pilot city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12个试点城市,也是山东首个使用和排放贸易的试点城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first demonstration city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12个示范城市,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first test city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国第12位,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的试验城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first experimental city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国第12位,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的实验城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong's first prototype city to use and trade emissions.
青岛是中国的第12位,也是山东首个使用和交易废气的原型城市。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月第11日,许多公司来到青岛市排放交易中心提交废气排放认购单,接受后须支付费用。
in the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月十一日,多间公司前往青岛市排放交易中心提交排放认购书,接受后须缴交费用。
the the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
本月十一日,多间公司来到青岛市排放交易中心,提交废气排放认购单。接受后,须缴交费用。
of the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
于本月十一日,多间公司前往青岛市排放交易中心提交排放认购书,接受后须缴交费用。
and the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
及本月十一日,多间公司前往青岛市排放交易中心提交排放认购书。接受后,须缴交费用。
to the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emissions Trading Center to submit emissions subscription. After acceptance, they shall pay fees.
截至本月十一日,多间公司来到青岛市排放交易中心,提交排放认购书。接受后,须缴交费用。
The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首次单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The planned first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
计划中的首次单项交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The expected first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
预期的首笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,也将是山东首个排放量交易和中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The anticipated first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
预计的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The announced first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
首次公布的单项交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The ongoing first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
正在进行的第一笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
In the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛双岛精细化工 ( Group ) 有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
In a morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心,递交废气排放认购单。
In that morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工股份有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
the the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
in the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
of the morning of 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, the General Manager of Qingdao Shuangtao Fine Chemical ( Group ) Co., Ltd. came to the trading center to submit emissions subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛顺涛精细化工有限公司总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交废气排放认购单。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,位于青岛老城区的工厂全部停止运行,并迁至平都新厂。
and plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,青岛老城区的工厂全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
the plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
青岛老城区的工厂因环境原因全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
of plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,青岛老城区的工厂全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
to plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,在青岛老城区植株的厂房全部停止,迁至平都新厂。
in plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
青岛老城区工厂因环境原因全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
After Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Liu Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
刘秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Zhang Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
张秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Dong Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
董秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Yu Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
余秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Yan Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., Qingdao Municipal Emissions Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
严熙平提交申请表和建设项目环境影响报告等,青岛市排放储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为641,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to a collection standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为641,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collecting standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部规定的收集标准,初步排放成本估计为641,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collect standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部规定的收集标准,初步排放成本估计为641,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
According to the collector standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放成本约为641,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
According to the collected standard determined by Qingdao price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission fee is about 641, 200 yuan. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部规定的回收标准,初步排放成本约为641,200元,员工将在7个工作日内完成审核。
The upcoming first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
即将到来的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The planned first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
计划中的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The expected first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
首笔交易也预示着青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,也是山东首笔排放量交易和中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The anticipated first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
预计的首笔单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,这也是山东首笔排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The ongoing first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
正在进行的第一笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
The announced first single transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions trading pilot will officially kick off. It will also be the first emissions trading in Shandong and the first city-level emissions trading in China.
首次公布的单笔交易也表明,青岛排放量交易试点将正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量交易。
According to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前投资4亿元用于环保事业,对企业管理理念和社会效益有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According by Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前我国对环境保护的投入高达4亿元人民币,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According per Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
根据赵秀平的统计,目前我国对环境保护的投入高达4亿元人民币,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According said Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,目前对环境保护的投入高达4亿元人民币,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
of to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
以赵秀平为例,目前投资4亿元用于环保事业,对企业管理理念和社会效益有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
the to Zhao Xiuping, up to RMB 400 million has been invested in the current environmental protection. Such investment has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up a space for the enterprise innovation management.
赵秀平目前投资4亿元以上的环境保护资金,对企业管理理念和社会效益有重要影响,为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来购买其项目的排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On the the day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
当天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来购买其项目的排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On a same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来购买其项目的排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On that same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来为其项目购买排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
On its same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来为其项目购买排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
the the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to purchase emission rights for its project with an annual output of 4, 200 interior accessories of high-speed rail and CRH.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也前来购买其项目的排放权,年产量为4,200个高速铁路和CRH内部附件。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514 吨和0.052 吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing undertaking. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一项机械加工工程,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514 吨和0.052 吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing unit. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一个机械处理装置,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514 吨和0.052 吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing project. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一个机械处理项目,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514 吨和0.052 吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing plant. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工厂,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514 吨和0.052 吨/年。
The plant is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rate for the chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该厂是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需量 ( COD ) 和氨 ( NOX ) 的初始排放率分别为每年0.514 吨和0.052 吨/年。
The paid use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的有偿使用和交易覆盖了该市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The direct use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的直接使用和交易覆盖了城市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The funded use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染剂排放许可证的资金使用和交易覆盖了该市主要的电力和热能生产和供应工业企业。
The free use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的免费使用和交易覆盖了该市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The specific use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的具体使用和交易覆盖了该市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The approved use and trading of Air Pollutant Emission Permits cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
空气污染物排放许可证的核准使用和交易覆盖了该市主要的电力和热能生产及供应工业企业。
On January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
2016年1月1日起,取得环境影响评价的当前排污单位,免予补用。
in January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
2016年1月1日起,取得环境影响评价的当前排污单位,免予补用。
of January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
截止2016年1月1日,取得环境影响评价的当前排污单位,应当免除补偿性使用费用。
the January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
从2016年1月1日起,取得环境影响评估结果的当前排污单位,免予支付补偿性使用费用。
to January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
截止2016年1月1日,取得环境影响评价的当前排污单位,应当免除补偿性使用费用。
and January 1, 2016, the current pollutant discharging unit which obtained environmental impact assessment shall be exempt from expenditure of compensated use.
截止到2016年1月1日,取得环境影响评价的当前排污单位,应当免除补偿性使用费用。
The obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
The obtained of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
补偿排放权的取得不等于非法排放的取得,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
a obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权并不等于获得非法排放,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
the obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
and obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
to obtaining of compensated emission right is not equal to the obtaining of illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will.
获得补偿排放权不等于获得非法排放,因此公司不得随意排放污染物。
Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Han Hong Qi, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏琪介绍说,违法和过度排污的企业必须按照有关法律法规进行处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Han Hong Yan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仁介绍说,违法和超量排污企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Han Hong Ying, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏英介绍说,违法和过度排污的企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Han Hong Yang, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏扬介绍说,违法和超量排污企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Han Hong Yi, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau, introduces that companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Illegal enterprises cannot be allowed to circumvent punishment via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏仪介绍说,违法和超量排污的企业必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不得允许违法企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业的排污行为,保护环境和公共卫生。
In another words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
另一方面,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
of other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
to other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
the other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
and other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
并用法律手段打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,珍惜了有限的排放,减少了污染物的排放。
Now in their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,珍惜了有限的排放,减少了污染物的排放。
Now for they own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,珍惜了有限的排放,减少了污染物的排放。
in for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,珍惜了有限的排放,减少了污染物的排放。
and for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,珍惜了有限的排放,减少了污染物的排放。
the for their own interests, enterprises have raised their enthusiasm of pollution control, cherished limited emissions and reduced emissions of pollutants.
企业为了自身的利益,提高了控制污染的热情,珍惜了有限的排放,减少了污染物的排放。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
of the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
the the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
and the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
to the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
With the business interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在企业利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指排放污染物的权利,是指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission rights, also known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指污染物排放权,指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, sometimes known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,有时被称为“倾弃权”,是指排放污染物的权利,是指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", refers the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾销权”,是指排放污染物的权利,是指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", is the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是排放污染物的权利,是指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, also referred as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指污染物排放权,指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
the right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者占有、使用和利用环境能力资源并从中获益的权利。
a right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
一项权利实质上是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
in right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
权利本质上是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境容量资源的权利。
of right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
权利本质上是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
to right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
权利实质上是排放者占有、使用和利用环境能力资源并从中获益的权利。
Next, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源开始通过货币交换交换交换排放容量。
the, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源开始通过货币交换交换来交换排放能力。
and, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
并且,在污染物排放总量不超过允许排放总量的前提下,污染物内部资源开始通过货币交换交换来交换排放容量。
of, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源开始通过货币兑换交换来交换排放容量。
to, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
在污染物排放总量不超过允许排放总量的前提下,内部污染资源开始通过货币交换交换交换排放容量。
Next, with the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, the internal resources of pollution began to swap discharge capacities via currency exchange.
接着,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,污染物内部资源开始通过货币交换交换来交换排放容量。
Since the proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,美利坚合众国自1970年代以来就一直将其用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since to proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自1968年美国经济学家戴尔斯提出排放权交易以来,自1970年代以来,美利坚合众国就一直将其应用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since a proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自从美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易的主张后,美利坚合众国自1970年代以来就一直将其应用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since that proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易主张以来,美利坚合众国自1970年代以来就一直将这一主张应用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since in proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,美利坚合众国自1970年代以来就一直将排放权用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since of proposition of emissions trading by American economist Dyers in 1968, it has been applied by the United States of America to the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources since the 1970s.
自美国经济学家戴尔斯1968年提出排放权交易以来,美利坚合众国自1970年代以来就一直将其应用于大气和河流污染源的管理。
Since its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
自2007年试点以来,已有浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 实施。
in its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
已在浙江、江苏等14个省(自治区、直辖市)试点实施。
of its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
已在浙江、江苏等14个省(自治区、直辖市)实施。
the its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
试点于2007年在中国进行,已应用于浙江、江苏等14个省(自治区、直辖市)。
to its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
已在浙江、江苏等14个省(自治区、直辖市)实施。
and its pilot in China in 2007, it has been applied to 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
并于2007年在中国试点实施,已推广到浙江、江苏等14个省(自治区、直辖市)。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地撤走若干俄罗斯战斗人员提供支助。
According by the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地起飞,提供支助。
According reported the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部报告,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地撤走若干俄罗斯战斗人员提供支助。
According said the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部说,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on a " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内一个"伊斯兰国"目标进行空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on ISIL " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters lifted from the Syrian Mahmir Air Force base to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助对叙利亚境内的伊黎伊斯兰国"伊斯兰国"目标发动六架战略轰炸机的空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚马赫米尔空军基地撤走,以提供支助。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
in February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
a February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
a 今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
of February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
the February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
to February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
截至今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the accord, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
to the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据协议,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
of the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据协议,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
in the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
在协议中,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
the the agreement, the ceasefire does not include a military strike against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
协议中,停火不包括对包括联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"在内的恐怖组织发动军事打击。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
of will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
将继续在基地内建立有关军事基础设施,俄罗斯士兵的生活条件将受到相应的保护。
the will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
将继续在基地内建立有关军事基础设施,俄罗斯士兵的生活条件将受到相应的保护。
in will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
将继续在基地建设有关军事基础设施,并相应保护俄罗斯士兵的生活条件。
to will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
将继续在基地内建立有关军事基础设施,并相应保护俄罗斯士兵的生活条件。
and will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
并将继续在基地建设相关军事基础设施,并相应保护俄罗斯士兵的生活条件。
He also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
他 还 说, 如果 极端 主义 势力 没有 受到 打击, 这些 势力 将 扩大 到 俄罗斯 。
and also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
并且说,如果极端主义势力没有被击中,这些势力将被扩大到俄罗斯。
to also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
还说,如果极端分子没有受到打击,这些部队将扩大到俄罗斯。
the also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
也有人说,如果极端主义势力没有被击中,这些势力将被扩大到俄罗斯。
in also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
声明中还说,如果极端分子部队没有被击中,这些部队将扩大到俄罗斯。
a also said that if the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia.
a 还说,如果极端分子没有受到打击,这些部队将扩大到俄罗斯。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
Although Russian and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
Although Moscow and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
虽然莫斯科和西方没有就合作打击叙利亚极端势力达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
and Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
俄罗斯和西方没有就合作打击叙利亚极端势力达成协议,俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
the Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
俄罗斯和西方没有就合作打击叙利亚极端势力达成协议,俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
in Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
在俄罗斯和西方没有就合作打击叙利亚极端势力达成协议的情况下,俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克的合作。
In September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年9月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
in September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年9月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
of September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
the September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,于2015年9月开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
and September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
和2015年9月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
a September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
a 2015年9月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
On March 15 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 15日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 16 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 16日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 14 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 14日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 6 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 6日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 方面 保证 继续 保留 驻 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 驻 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
On March 3 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年 3月 3日, 俄罗斯 的 主要 军队 开始 撤离, 但 俄罗斯 一 方 承诺 继续 保留 在 黑米米 的 军事 基地 和 在 塔尔图斯 的 海军 基地 。
the March 15 this year, Russia's major military forces began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the military base in Heimi Mimi and the naval base in Tartus.
今年3月15日,俄罗斯主要军队开始撤离,但俄方承诺继续保留在海米米的军事基地和在塔尔图斯的海军基地。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君树立了一个好榜样:继承一栋100年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In to case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
针对老房子的修缮和家乡的开工,何培君举了个好例子:继承一栋100年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In of case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡的情况下,何培君树立了一个好榜样:继承一栋100年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In and case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君树立了一个好榜样:继承一栋100年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In a case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡的情况下,何培君树立了一个好榜样:继承一栋100年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
In in case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example : to inherit a 100-year old house and tell a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君举了个好例子:继承一栋100年的老房子,讲述一个有关土地遗产的故事。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
the, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种各样的思想或寻求内心的平静。
of, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
其中,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
and, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种各样的思想或寻求内心的平静。
to, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
每年平均有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
in, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种各样的思想或寻求内心的平静。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子相伴。无论强弱,都不必让任何一方受对方的支配。这种关系是温和的。
In of, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子在一起,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In the, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
在这种关系中,村庄和城市应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子在一起,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In to, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子在一起,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In and, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和城市和睦相处,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In in, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship with, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
在这种关系中,村庄和城市应该像母亲和孩子一样,与母亲和孩子和睦相处,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
没有固定的农村发展模式,但是要依靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一是让正确的人去农村。
the is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
发展并不是固定的农村发展模式,但是要依靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一是让正确的人去农村。
a is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
发展并不是固定的农村发展模式,但单靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,最重要的变化之一就是让合适的人去农村。
in is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
of is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
to is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. One of the most important changes is to let the right people go to villages.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Shanghai Songjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制部门最近使用电子警察来监控司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
Shanghai Tangjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海市唐江区交通管制处最近使用电子警察来监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
Shanghai Yinjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海市银江区交通管制处最近使用电子警察来监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
Shanghai Yingjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海营江区交通管制处最近使用电子警察来监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
Shanghai Pingjiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海平江区交通管制处最近使用电子警察来监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
Shanghai Yujiang District Traffic Control Department recently used electronic police to monitor whether the driver plays mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海裕江区交通管制处最近利用电子警察监测司机驾驶时是否使用手机,结果一周内共发现30多起。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越滑稽了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the proliferation of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越滑稽了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the emergence of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的出现,手机变得越来越有趣了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the availability of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越有趣了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the advent of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的出现,手机变得越来越有趣了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
With the rise of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more funny. WeChat, microblogging and even games, shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot leave the phone for a moment, and cannot stop even when driving.
随着智能手机的兴起,手机越来越滑稽了。WeChat、微博甚至游戏,在淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能离开手机,即使在开车的时候也停不下来。
According to " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According as " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According of " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According by " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According in " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
According under " Road Traffic Safety Act ", mobile phones playing are banned and defined as " behavior preventing safe driving ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为 “ 阻止安全驾驶的行为 ”.
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
遗憾的是,由于一些原因,如违法案件数量众多,难以取得证据,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
of, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
由于违法案件多、取证困难等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
in, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
由于违法案件多、取证困难等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
the, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
由于违法案件多、取证困难等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
to, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
由于违法案件多、取证困难等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
and, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidences, those people have never been punished and make the laws become a kind of decoration.
由于违法案件多、取证困难等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
If the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门下定决心对手机游戏行为宣战,同时驾驶和规范此类措施,则此类非法行为必将受到遏制。
the the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
交通管制部门可以下定决心对手机游戏行为宣战,同时驾驶和规范此类措施,此类违法行为必将受到遏制。
and the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
并且交通管制部门可以下定决心对手机游戏行为宣战,同时驾驶和规范此类措施,此类违法行为必将受到遏制。
to the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
对交通管制部门可以下定决心,在对手机游戏行为宣战的同时,驾驶和规范此类措施,此类违法行为必将受到遏制。
of the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
交通管制部门可以决定对手机游戏行为宣战,同时驾驶和规范此类措施,此类违法行为必将受到遏制。
If the traffic control department can be determined to declare war to the mobile phone gaming behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门在驾驶时对手机游戏行为宣战并将这些措施规范化,则此类非法行为必将受到遏制。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口管理应当严格,逐步建立户口无户口人电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The civil security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口管理要严格,逐步建立户口无户口人电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The civic security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公民安全机关对户口管理要严格,逐步建立户口无户口人电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The official security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口登记实行严格管理,逐步建立户口没有户口的户口电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The government security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
公安机关对户口登记实行严格管理,逐步建立户口没有户口的户口电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The local security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure the completeness and validity.
地方安全机关对户口管理要严格,逐步建立户口无户口人电子文件和纸件档案,保证完整有效。
The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,公安机关应当及时通知有关部门。
The civil security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,由公安机关及时通知有关部门。
The civic security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,由公民安全机关及时通知有关部门。
The municipal security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
市公安机关应当将户口不登记的情况及时通知有关部门。
the public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,公安机关应当及时通知有关部门。
a public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
公安机关应当将户口不登记的情况及时通知有关部门。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将获得集中清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy initiatives that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策举措将获得集中清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy practices that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与实施该政策的想法不一致的政策做法将获得集中清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policy measures which are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将获得集中清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
The policies measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不一致的政策措施将获得集中清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
the policy measures that are inconsistent with the idea of this implementation will receive a centralized cleanup. They should be corrected and abolished if necessary.
与执行该政策的想法不相符的政策措施将获得集中清理,必要时应加以纠正和废除。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,48岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In a collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村的一个集体温室里,48岁的王学芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In an collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村的一个集体温室里,48岁的王学芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In one collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村的一个集体温室里,48岁的王学芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In the community greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村社区温室,48岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
a the collective greenhouse of Donglin village of Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to pear spray pesticides on pear trees.
位于太仓市东林村的一个集体温室,48岁的王学芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
There are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
有150英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
There have 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
那儿有150英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
There were 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
共有150英亩的果园和10多个物种,但只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师可以。
a are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
a是150英亩的果园和10多种种的果园,但只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师可以。
and are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
拥有150英亩的果园和10多个物种,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
in are 150 acres of orchards and more than 10 species, but only 12 workers plus a technical engineer are ok.
里面有150英亩的果园和10多种种的果园,但是只有12个工人加上一个技术工程师是合适的。
Last year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
去年的收入是5万元人民币,因为年纪这么大,所以在工厂工作,挣不了那么多。
and year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
年收入是5万元人民币,因为这个年龄我在工厂工作,所以不能挣这么多钱。
of year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
年收入是5万元人民币,因为这个年龄我在工厂工作,所以不能挣这么多钱。
to year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
5.到现在为止,我的工资是五万元人民币,因为年纪这么大,所以在工厂里工作,挣不了多少钱。
in year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
年收入是5万元人民币,因为这个年龄我在工厂工作,所以不能挣这么多钱。
the year, the income was a total of RMB 50, 000. I cannot earn so many if i work in the factory because of such age.
年收入总计5万元,因为年纪这么大,在工厂工作,挣不了那么多。
Last year, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
去年,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last month, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
上个月,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last season, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
上个季度,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last 2016, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
2016年,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last 2010, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
到2010年,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last 2014, the income of Donglin village reached RMB 22 million, of which total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
到2014年,东林村收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,初期为50亩(单位面积:亩=0.667公顷),现在为100亩以上,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According to Yu Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长余齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,开始面积50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在超过100亩,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According to Sun Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长孙齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,开始面积50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在超过100亩,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According to Liu Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长刘齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,开始面积50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在超过100亩,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According to Shu Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长树齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,开始面积50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在超过100亩,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农户的收入每年也有增长空间。
According says Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area increases each year. 50 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) in the beginning and over 100 mu now. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also have room for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积逐年增加,初期为50亩(单位面积:亩=0.0667公顷),现在为100亩以上,每亩收入逐年增加,专业农民的收入每年也有增长空间。
With shares quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民份额的量化,农村集体经济改革的亮点是明确农村集体经营的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With share quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民份额的量化,农村集体经济改革的突出点是明确农村集体管理的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With points quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民的量化,农村集体经济改革的突出点是明确农村集体经营的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With a quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民的量化,农村集体经济改革的突出点是明确农村集体管理的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With more quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
随着对每个村民进行更多的量化,农村集体经济改革的突出点是明确农村集体经营的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
With it quantifying to each villager, the highlight of the rural collective economic reform is to be clear about the property rights of rural collective management and exploring political and economic separation.
通过对每个村民的量化,农村集体经济改革的突出点是明确农村集体管理的产权和探索政治与经济分离。
In July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement " sub-account management ". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年7月,在无锡西山地区安镇街,14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“分户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,合作社主要从事经营活动。
in July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement " sub-account management ". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年7月,在无锡西山区安镇街,14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“分户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,而合作社组织主要从事经营活动。
of July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement " sub-account management ". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
截至2015年7月,在无锡西山区安镇街,14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“分户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,而合作社组织主要从事经营活动。
the July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement " sub-account management ". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年7月,在无锡西山区安镇街,14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“分户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,而合作社组织主要从事经营活动。
to July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement " sub-account management ". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
截至2015年7月,在无锡西山区安镇街,14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“分户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,而合作社组织主要从事经营活动。
and July 2015, on Anzhen Street of Wuxi Xishan District, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations worked with the village committee to implement " sub-account management ". The village committee implemented rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年7月和2015年7月,在无锡西山区安镇街,14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“分户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,而合作社组织主要从事经营活动。
With two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
两个机构由两个机构组成,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
of two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
其中两个属于两个机构,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
in two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
在两个机构的两个账户中,这可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
to two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
对两个机构来说,这可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
the two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
两者对两个机构负责,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
a two accounts for two institutions, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
二是两个机构,这可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱保平表示,江苏政府的下一步工作是继续推进社区合作体制改革,鼓励农民共同发展和建立村级民主权力运行机制。
Zhu Daoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱多平表示,江苏省政府下一步将继续推进社区合作体制改革,鼓励农民联合发展,建立村级民主权力运行机制。
Zhu Jioping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱家平表示,江苏政府的下一步工作是继续推进社区协作体制改革,鼓励农民共同发展和建立村级民主权力运行机制。
Zhu Shuoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱树平表示,江苏省政府下一步将继续推进社区协作体制改革,鼓励农民联合发展,建立村级民主权力运行机制。
Zhu Qioping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱齐平表示,江苏政府的下一步工作是继续推进社区协作体制改革,鼓励农民共同发展和建立村级民主权力运行机制。
Zhu Boyoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu government is to continue to promote the reform of community cooperation system, encourage farmers to jointly develop and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱博平表示,江苏省政府下一步将继续推进社区合作体制改革,鼓励农民联合发展,建立村级民主权力运行机制。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行修正,并产生明确的产权。
According said Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.
朱保平表示,他们应进一步推动改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行修正,并产生明确的产权。
of to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.
对朱保平来说,要进一步推进改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行整顿,并产生明确的产权。
the to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.
到朱保平,他们要进一步推进改革,参与社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行修正,并产生明确的产权。
and to Zhu Baoping, they should further move forward the reform, engage in community shares cooperation, quantify the assets to members, fix it to farmers and produce clear property rights.
并对朱保平进一步推进改革,开展社区共享合作,对成员资产进行量化,对农民进行整顿,并产生明确的产权。
Through the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
Through the internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过互联网+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
Through the Web +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过网络+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
Through the Information +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
通过信息+,为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为规范的合作机制。
to the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
对互联网+,我们要为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为标准的合作机制。
in the Internet +, we shall provide farmers with the rights to know, participate in decision-making and democratic management and turn such rights into standardized mechanism of cooperation.
在互联网+中,我们要为农民提供知情权、参与决策权和民主管理权,并将这些权利转化为标准的合作机制。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mainly consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village mostly consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village primarily consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village predominantly consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village principally consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展、联合发展等四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu village largely consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南村新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等四大发展模式。
It is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览会已成为发展 “ 带道倡议 ” 的重要平台.
It the understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览会已成为 “ 带与道 ” 发展的重要平台.
It was understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览会已成为发展 “ 带与道 ” 计划的重要平台.
the is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览会已成为“带与道”发展的重要平台。
of is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
据悉,海外展览会已成为“带与道”发展的重要平台。
to is understood that overseas exhibitions have become important platform for the " Belt and Road Initiative " development.
了解海外展览会已成为发展「带与道」计划的重要平台。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好基础。
The successes of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好基础。
The successful of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好基础。
The Success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好基础。
the success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功积累了宝贵的经验,为沿着“带与道”公路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台奠定了良好的基础。
and success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration of emerging markets along the " Belt and Road Initiative " road and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
以及这些海外展览的成功经验,为沿着“带与道”道路不断开拓新兴市场,建设海外展览一体化平台,奠定了良好的基础。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
提高体育水平将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK is always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
EAK始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK shall always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
倾斜应始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to enhancing consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
提高体育水平将始终着眼于提高消费者的需求,建设体育产业的生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to attracting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
EAK将始终着眼于吸引消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to targeting consumer demand, building sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading of single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
EAK将始终着眼于针对消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快单项体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
Hamir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
哈米尔还说,另有34人受伤,其中3名消防队员受轻伤,已出院。
andir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
安迪还说,另有34人受伤,其中3名消防队员受了轻伤,已出院。
toir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
托尔还说,另有34人受伤,其中3名消防队员受了轻伤,已出院。
inir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
Inir还说,另有34人受伤,其中3名消防队员受了轻伤,已出院。
their also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
他们还说,另有34人受伤,其中3名消防队员受了轻伤,已出院。
ofir also said that another 34 people were injured. Among them, three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were discharged.
布莱尔还说,另有34人受伤,其中3名消防队员受了轻伤,已经出院。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他还呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
the some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
of some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
a some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
to some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
对于一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
and some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the fireplaces to contact the authorities.
一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁壁炉的居民与当局联系。
It is reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 住在这间公寓已经30年的杜雷女士 ( 玛丽亚娜·图雷 ) 说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It was reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道, 住在这间公寓已经30年的杜雷女士 ( 玛丽亚娜·图雷 ) 说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It its reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
报道说,DuLei女士 ( MarianaTuray ) 已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It shows reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
报道说,DuLei女士 ( MarianaTuray ) 已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It stars reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
报道说,DuLei女士 ( MarianaTuray ) 已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It it reported that, Ms. Du Lei ( Mariana Turay ) who has been living in this apartment for 30 years, said : " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
报道说,DuLei女士 ( MarianaTuray ) 已经在这个公寓住了30年,她说: “ 好像是一颗炸弹掉下来了. ”
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报告,当地消防队花了一个小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
It was reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报, 当地 消防 队 花了 一 个 小时 和 45 分钟 来 扑灭 火灾, 附近 建筑物 的 居民 几 小时 后 被 允许 返回 。
to is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报,当地消防队花了一个小时四十五分钟扑灭大火,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
the is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报道,当地消防队花了一个小时四十五分钟扑灭大火,附近的大楼居民在几小时内被允许返回。
of is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报,当地消防队花了一个小时四十五分钟扑灭大火,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
and is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报,当地消防队花了一个小时四十五分钟扑灭大火,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
and Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据红十字会工作人员估计,约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
of Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据红十字会工作人员估计,约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
to Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据红十字会工作人员估计,约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
the Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据红十字会工作人员估计,约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
in Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby.
据红十字会工作人员估计,约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,住在附近的收容所里。
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
8月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉丁香“鹤湖 ” 开幕.
in August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
8月11日,锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉丁香“鹤湖”开幕。
the August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
在8月11日的锦州湿地旅游节上,第一届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉丁香“鹤湖”开幕。
of August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
首届锦州湿地旅游节于8月11日在锦州嘉底城“鹤湖”开幕。
and August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
和8月11日,首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城“鹤湖”开幕。
to August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Crane Lake ".
至8月11日,首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城“鹤湖”开幕。
From 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占锦州GDP的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
From 2014 onward, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
自2014年起,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,到2015年达到11.3%。
to 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
截至2014年,旅游业收入占锦州GDP的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
in 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
2014年以后,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,到2015年达到11.3%。
and 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
截至2014年,旅游业收入占锦州GDP的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
of 2014 onwards, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
截至2014年,旅游业收入占金州市GDP的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济开发区、灵海市中心区50公里、盘锦市70公里处的灵海一段,是淮城湿地温泉旅游区。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at Number. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济发展区林海段1号,离岭海市市区50公里,离盘锦市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at no. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济发展区、灵海路段1号,离岭海市中心50公里,离盘锦市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at Section. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海市平海公路、大乐经济开发区、灵海市中心区50公里、盘津市70公里处的林海市温泉旅游区。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at St. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路平海路段、大乐经济发展区圣一、华城湿地温泉旅游区,离岭海市市区50公里,离盘津市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at Rd. 1, Linghai section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市海平原公路一号、海公路一号、大乐经济发展区、离岭海市市中心50公里、离盘锦市70公里处的奇丽塔花城湿地温泉旅游区。
There are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有3000平方米的温泉浴场和4600平方米的室外泉水。
There are 3000-bath-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有3000浴度的温泉浴场,室外有4600平方米的泉水浴场。
and are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
是3000平方尺的室内温泉浴场和4600平方尺的室外泉水。
the are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
这是3000平方尺的室内温泉浴场和4600平方尺的室外泉水。
in are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内温泉浴场为3000平方米,室外泉水为4600平方米。
to are 3000-square-meter indoor spa and 4600-square-meter outdoor spring.
是3000平方尺的室内温泉浴场和4600平方尺的室外泉水。
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " reverse "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 促使她开始了拍摄生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
ofamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " reverse "
张斌:“英俊的手”鼓励她开始拍摄事业,看到几个“反向”。
inamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " reverse "
张斌:“英俊的手”鼓励她开始拍摄事业,这看到几个“反向”。
theamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to start shooting career, which saw several " reverse "
剧中女郎张斌:“英俊的手”鼓励她开始拍摄事业,这看到几个“反向”。
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to begin shooting career, which saw several " reverse "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 促使她开始了拍摄生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to enter shooting career, which saw several " reverse "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 促使她进入射击行业, 其中出现了数个 “ 反向 ”
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏是厦门乡东公园村的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Donghong, a villager of the East Park Township, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张东宏是厦门乡东公园镇的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Fanghong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张方宏是厦门湘安区东公园村的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Zhaohong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张兆虹是厦门湘安区东公园村的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Yinhong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张银虹是厦门湘安区东公园村的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
Zhang Songhong, a villager of the East Park Village, Xiamen Xiang'an District, changed his 29-inch old TV into a 65-inch TV just a few days before.
张松宏是厦门湘安区东公园村的村民,几天前把他29英寸的旧电视改成了65英寸的电视机。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
那位普通的农夫有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的人。
The ordinary farmers has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
普通农民有一个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的人。
The ordinary farming has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
平凡的农场有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是在11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的女运动员。
The ordinary farm has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
平凡的农场有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的公主。
The ordinary woman has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
那位老妇人有个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的女子。
The ordinary girl has a daughter, named Zhang Binbin. She is the one to win sanzi final silver medal of Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle games for China in the evening of the eleventh.
那位普通的女孩有一个女儿,名叫张斌,她是11月11日晚上为中国赢得桑齐决赛女子50米步枪决赛银牌的女子。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇和他们的数十个亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,从几乎在预演中被淘汰到几乎获胜。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, just in front of this new television set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends have witnessed the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning.
月11日晚上,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇及其数十名亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程,即追赶和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰到几乎取胜。
At the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下,她似乎离决赛还很远。
the the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下,她似乎离决赛还很远。
of the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下,她似乎离决赛还很远。
and the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
而在比赛中,张斌被评为中下,她似乎离决赛还很远。
in the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下半场,她似乎离决赛还很远。
to the game, Zhang Binbin was ranked in the middle and lower reaches and it seemed she was still quite far away from the final.
在这场比赛中,张斌被评为中下,她似乎离决赛还很远。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her family and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
但是,她的家人和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
But the parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
但是,家长和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
But she parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
But Her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了这场比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, continued watching the live and saw other players finish the game. Zhang Binbin raised her ranks all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers broke out in her home.
但是她的父母和朋友没有放弃,继续看现场直播,还看到其他球员完成了比赛,张斌一路挺身而出,终于进入决赛,这时,她家响起了一阵欢呼声。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In his final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In event final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the finals, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the event, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在比赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the competition, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在比赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
This year, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次未能夺得银牌。
This year, China 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,中国27岁的张斌,在16年的射击生涯中,已经多次错过了银牌。
This year, Chinese 27-year-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,中国27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次未能夺得银牌。
This year, the 27-years-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次错过了银牌。
This year, the 27-age-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,多次没有获得银牌。
This year, the 27-old-old Zhang Binbin, in the 16-year shooting career, has actually missed the silver medal for several times.
今年,27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,已经多次错过了银牌。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their hesitation.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿犹豫不决地从她村里派了几个“小劝阻者”。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little convincers " from her village at their hesitation.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿犹豫不决地从她村里派了几个“小信手”。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little seducers " from her village at their hesitation.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿犹豫不决地从她村里派了几个“小诱奸者”。
According to her grandmother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their hesitation.
据她外婆张小龙说,她女儿犹豫不决地从村里派了几个“小劝阻者”出来。
According to her father Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " little persuaders " from her village at their hesitation.
据她父亲张小龙说,她女儿犹豫不决地从村里派了几个“小劝说家”。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, her daughter sent a few " small persuaders " from her village at their hesitation.
据她的母亲张小龙说,她女儿犹豫不决地从她村里派了几个“小劝阻者”。
These little persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝说者是她村里的男孩和女孩,他们被推荐同时参加训练,包括张斌的表弟。
These little convincers are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小劝告者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加培训,包括张斌的表弟。
These little seducers are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些小诱奸者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加训练,包括张斌的表弟。
These in persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些劝说者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加培训,包括张斌的表弟。
These a persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些劝说者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加培训,包括张斌的表弟。
These new persuaders are girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's cousin.
这些新说服者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加培训,包括张斌的表弟。
Just after coming to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
刚来到厦门队,张斌又主动回到湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just after returning to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
回到厦门队后,张斌再次主动回到湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just after starting to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
张斌在加入厦门队后,再次主动重返湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just after transferring to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
在转会到厦门队后,张斌再次主动返回湘安学校,因为她的家庭困难。
Just after joining to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
加入厦门队后,张斌又因家庭困难,主动重返湘安学校。
Just after graduating to Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to Xiang'an school because of her family difficulties.
张斌在毕业于厦门队之后,又因家庭困难,主动重返湘安学校。
But after the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了厦门队。
But with the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师的反复努力下,张斌回到了厦门队。
But through the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
但经过她启蒙老师的反复努力,张斌又回到厦门队。
But After the repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到厦门队。
But after a repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了厦门队。
But after an repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了厦门队。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And After she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And after her came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
and after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是无望的。
the after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是无望的。
to after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭射击中心和福建省队的队长和教练来到了她的家,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This times, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这回,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭射击中心和福建省队的队长和教练也来到了她的家,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This year, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
今年,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭射击中心和福建省队的队长和教练也来到了她的家,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This chance, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这个机会,不仅是张雅洁的教练,也是厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This day, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一天,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭射击中心和福建省队的队长和教练也来到了她的家,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省队。
This finally, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coach of Xiamen shooting archery sports center and Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
最后,不仅张雅洁主教练,还有厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的主教练和主教练也来到了她的家,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门姑娘坚持了几次反射.
Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reverses of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门姑娘在坚持下取得了数个相反的成绩.
Just at Yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门女孩坚持了几次反射.
Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved numerous reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门的女孩在坚持下取得了无数的反弹.
Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved many reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门姑娘坚持了多次反弹.
Just at yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved two reversals of the shooting with her insistence.
就在昨天的比赛中, 厦门姑娘坚持了两次反射.
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法,一旦看到她漂亮的手,我就决定抓住她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to pick her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法。我一看到她漂亮的手就决定选她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to choose her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法,一旦看到她漂亮的手,我就决定疡她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to have her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法,我一看到她的漂亮手就决定让她参加比赛。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided to sign her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法,一旦看到她漂亮的手,我就决定签下她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose the potential player. I decided only take her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择潜在球员的方法,我决定只要看见她漂亮手就抓住她。
Zhang Donghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩并不最佳,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Gonghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张公红还回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Pinghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张平虹在训练考试中也回忆说,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但是她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Linghong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张灵虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Yinhong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张茵红在训练考试中也回忆说,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但是她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Zhaohong also recalled, in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, her rings were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张兆虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但她的戒指很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmers girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farming girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farm girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张abin的训练过程中,最给张雅洁印象深刻的是这位农家姑娘的投入。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this peasant girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this rural girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张abin的训练过程中,正是这个农村女孩的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
He recalled that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他回忆说,一年多后,张斌进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
He recounted that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他讲述说,在一年多后,张斌进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求运动员在半小时内不得动弹。
He remembered that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他记得,当张斌在一年多后进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
He said that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他说,在张斌加入厦门射击队一年多后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
He revealed that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他透露,在张斌在一年多后进入厦门射击队后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
He reported that after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team more than a year later, the team carried out a long shot of gun training, requiring players not to move for half an hour.
他报告说,在张斌加入厦门射击队一年多后,该队进行了长时间的枪械训练,要求球员在半小时内不得动弹。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡起一些残片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked up the scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡起残片做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked up my scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡起我的残片来做她的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked down some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked off some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some sowing jobs. Binbin picked out some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和播种工作,宾宾捡了些零食来做自己的洋娃娃。
She said, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能制作动画玩具从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服。
She explained, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她解释说,女儿经常缝手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能制作动画玩具从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服。
She stated, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能把娃娃的脸部特征制作成动画玩具。
She says, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她说,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,可以制作动画玩具从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服。
She noted, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她注意到,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能制作动画玩具从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服。
She mentioned, her daughter often sewed hand toys. Plus, she is good at painting and could make animated toys from the doll's facial features to clothing.
她提到,女儿经常缝制手动玩具,此外,她善于绘画,能制作动画玩具从娃娃的脸部特征到衣服。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人不仅在一起,而且很分离,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
As an athletes, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人不仅在一起,而且很分离,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
As an swimmer, Zhang Binbin and her family are separate more than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts family members by phone in other time.
作为一名游泳运动员,张斌和她的家人不仅在一起,而且很分离,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在其他时间通过电话与家人联系。
According to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According with her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据她的父母说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According like her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
与她的父母一样,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According unlike her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
与父母不同的是,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
According to the parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
据父母们说,无论是亲临还是通过电话交谈,张斌很少谈论自己的辛勤工作,但更多的是谈论一些快乐的事情。
the to her parents, no matter meeting in person or talking by phone, Zhang Binbin seldom talked about her hard work but more about some happy things.
张斌很少向父母诉说自己的辛勤工作,而多谈一些快乐的事情。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们把童年的作品和连年的荣誉都放下了。
the they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
他们不能经常见到自己的女儿,他们把童年的绘画和连年的荣誉都放在一边。
to they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
因为她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,所以她们把童年的作品和连年的荣誉都放在一边。
in they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
在他们不能经常见到自己的女儿时,他们便把童年的作品和连年的荣誉放下。
of they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
他们常常不能见到自己的女儿,他们把童年的画和连年的荣誉都放下了。
and they cannot often see their daughter, they put away the paintings of her childhood and honors of consecutive years.
他们不能经常见到自己的女儿,他们把童年的绘画和连年的荣誉都放在一边。
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她没有成为射手,她应该继续画画。”
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporter, " She should keep drawing instead if girl did not become shooter. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果女孩不成为射击手,她应该继续画画。”
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the journalist, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她不成为射手,她应该继续画画。”
Zhang Xiaolong showed the animation show of her daughter to the reporters, " She should keep drawing instead if she did not become shooter. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的动画秀,“如果她没有成为射击手,她应该继续画画。”
In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on that second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on a second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on his second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张斌二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on Chinese second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张斌宾二楼的客厅里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
in the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Gonghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张公宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Pinghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张平宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Jinhong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张金宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后做出的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Linghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张灵虹把奖章整齐地放好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Zhang Shenhong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " This is honor made by Binbin after a dozen of years'efforts. We feel quite cherished. "
张沈宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这是宾宾在经过十几年的努力之后取得的荣耀。我们感到十分珍惜。”
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向6个失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金,这些家庭分别位于金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村。
Recently, Xibei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
近日,西北慈秀基金向6个在金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金。
in, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
河北慈秀基金向6个在金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金。
of, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
河北慈秀基金向6个在金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金。
to, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
河北慈秀基金向6个在金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金。
and, Hebei Cixiao Fund sent a 16, 000-yuan relief sent to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Village of Jinjing County.
河北慈秀基金向6个失去亲人的家庭发放了16 000元的救济金,这些家庭分别位于金京县小祖、太头和贵泉村。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个慰问和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another andolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是在基金协会发布呼吁寻求“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”后的另一个平静和关怀活动。
This is another adolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是在基金协会发布呼吁寻求“2016年7月19日洪水灾难导致的失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”后的另一个懒散和关怀活动。
This is another thedolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个懒散和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another anddolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个关心和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
This is another ofdolence and care activity after the fund association releases the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men causued by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁后的另一个懒散和关怀活动,呼吁寻找“因2016年7月19日洪水灾难而丧生的孩子和孤独的老人”。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,有的人死亡,有的失踪。
the 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,有的人死亡,有的失踪。
a 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
a719大雨对河北省许多城市造成重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡和失踪。
and 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
河北省有719个城市遭受大雨灾害,部分地区遭受洪水灾害,部分人死亡、失踪。
of 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
在719大雨中,河北省许多城市遭受了重大灾害,部分地区也遭受了洪水灾害,在此期间,有的人死亡,有的失踪。
to 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in Hebei province. During the period, some people were dead and missing.
到719年,大雨对河北省许多城市造成重大灾害,并导致河北省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,有的人死亡,有的失踪。
The good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
那位好汉“老铁”在帮助社区排水时献出了自己的生命,留下一个两岁的孩子和一个带着孩子的妻子,“老铁”的动人故事使整个省会都动了起来。
The good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community on irrigation, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
那位好汉“老铁”在帮助社区灌溉时献出了自己的生命,留下一个两岁的孩子和一个带着孩子的妻子,“老铁”的动人故事使整个省会都动了起来。
The good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community with drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
那位好汉“老铁”在帮助社区排水时献出了自己的生命,留下一个两岁的孩子和一个带着孩子的妻子,“老铁”的动人故事使整个省会都动了起来。
the good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
一位好汉“老铁”在帮助社区排水时献出了自己的生命,留下一个两岁的孩子和一个带着孩子的妻子,“老铁”的动人故事使整个省会都动了起来。
in good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
他帮助社区排水,留下一个两岁的孩子和一个带着孩子的妻子,“老铁”的好男人的感人故事使整个省会都动了起来。
and good man " Lao Tie " sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and a wife with child. The moving story of the good man " Lao Tie " made the entire provincial capital moved.
和好男人“老铁”一起献出了生命,他帮助社区排水,留下一个两岁的孩子和一个带着孩子的妻子。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
八月四日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到自己的家,为自己的亲人赠送了三千二百元的爱。
in August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
8月4日河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,为他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
of August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
八月四日河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者到他家献了三千二百元的爱心。
and August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
8月4日河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,向他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
the August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
八月四日河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,为他的亲戚赠送了三千二百元的爱。
to August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
到8月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,为他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Yan, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶彦承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Shen, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶深承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Yi, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Zhao, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶赵承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
When Ye Wei, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of " Lao Tie ", they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help " old iron " family to ride out the storm.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶薇承认“老铁”的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助“老铁”家庭渡过难关。
Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
河北省慈秀基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈秀基金,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起,于2015年8月成立。
inbei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
河北省慈秀基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈秀基金,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起,于2015年8月成立。
ofbei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委
andbei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
河北省慈秀基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈秀基金,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起,于2015年8月成立。
tobei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
河北省慈秀基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈秀基金,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起,于2015年8月成立。
thebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, known as Cixiao Fund of the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee, and established in August 2015.
委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委委
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月12日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made in August 12, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
据香港东方日报8月12日报道,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括假标记钻石清晰度以提高销售价格、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 13, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月13日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 11, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
据香港东方日报8月11日报道,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括假标记钻石清晰度以提高销售价格、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 10, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月10日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 15, the current diamond sales in Mainland China were accused of three major problems, including the false marking of diamond clarity to raise sales price, false diamond weight and unguaranteed aftersales, etc.
根据香港东方日报8月15日的报导,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括提高销售价格的假钻石标识、假钻石重量和假售后售等。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is a of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工加工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is the of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is some of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工加工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is also of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普也是世界上最大的钻石交易中心,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is centre of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是全球最大的钻石交易中心,当地手工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年六月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个轻便的布袋,价值近100万元。
" A large cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年六月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个大布袋,如此轻便,价值近100万元。
" A small canvas bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighted, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年六月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小帆布袋,如此轻便,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighing, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向内地媒体透露了去年六月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小布袋,那么轻便,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-loaded, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年六月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个轻便的布袋,价值近100万元。
" A small cloth bag, holding in one's hand, such light-weighed, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told of her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位名叫刘的女士向大陆媒体透露了去年六月在安特卫普的经历,她手里拿着一个小布袋,那么轻便,价值近100万元。
She buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她把钻石埋在内衣里,并随身携带了一整天,包括去洗手间洗澡时。
She buried this diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
她把这颗钻石埋在内衣里,并随身携带了一整天,包括去洗手间洗澡时。
the buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
钻石埋在她的内衣里,并随身携带了它一整天,包括她去洗手间洗澡的时候。
and buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
将钻石埋在内衣里,并随身携带了一整天,包括她上厕所洗澡时。
a buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
一颗钻石埋在她的内衣里,并随身携带了它一整天,包括她上厕所洗澡时。
in buried the diamond in her lingerie and carried it all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath.
将钻石埋在内衣里,并随身携带了一整天,包括她上厕所洗澡时。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,在厦门,同样质量的钻石零售价11万1千元。
She said a diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的一颗钻石每克售价5万5千元,在厦门,同样质量的钻石零售价11万1千元。
She said an diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的一颗钻石每克售价5万5千元,在厦门,同样质量的钻石零售价11万1千元。
She said one diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的一颗钻石每克售价约55,000元,在厦门,同样质量的钻石零售价约111,000元。
She said that diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价5万5千元,在厦门,同样质量的钻石零售价11万1千元。
She said each diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was retail-priced about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普购买的每颗钻石的售价是每克5万5千元人民币,而在厦门,同样质量的钻石的零售价是每公斤11万1千元人民币。
Recently, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
最近, 她以比她购买的价格高出120%的价格卖出了这颗钻石,赚了20万元.
and, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
而且,她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
of, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
其中,她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
the, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
她卖了这颗钻石,卖价比她买的多120%,赚了20万元。
to, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
in, she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan.
她卖钻石的价格比她购买的价格高出120%,赚了20万元。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,在出入境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石会被归类为走私,可判以监禁。
According by the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,进出境时,须申报钻石。否则,该钻石可列为走私品,可判以监禁。
According under the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,在进出境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石会被归类为走私,可判以监禁。
According per the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,在进出境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石会被归类为走私,可判以监禁。
According to the regulations of the Mainland Customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,进出境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石可列为走私品,可判以监禁。
According to the provisions of the Mainland Customs, diamond are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamond should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, it shall be classified as smuggling. People may be sentenced to jail.
根据内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货品范围。因此,在进出境时,应申报钻石。否则,该钻石可列为走私品,可判以监禁。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According per foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,英国首相唐宁街当地时间月份第10天宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According by foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,当地时间月份第10天,英国首相唐宁街宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
of to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
根据外国媒体的报道,英国首相唐宁街当地时间月份第10天宣布,英国首相梅德丽丝将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
to to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
至于外国媒体报道,英国首相唐宁街于当地时间月份第10天宣布,英国首相梅德丽丝将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
in to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, the British Prime Minister's Downing Street announced that British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend the summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
在外国媒体的报道中,英国首相唐宁街在当地时间月份的第10天宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体报导,在英国在欧洲以外举行全民公投后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
According by some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
根据一些媒体的报道,在英国在欧洲以外的公民投票之后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
According in some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
根据一些媒体的报道,在英国在欧洲以外的公民投票之后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
the to some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
对某些媒体来说,在英国在欧洲以外的全民公投之后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
of to some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
在一些媒体看来,英国在欧洲以外的全民公投之后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
in to some media, after the British referendum off Europe, the new British Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation on the " neutral country ", Swiss on the European continent. This is symbolic.
在一些媒体看来,在英国在欧洲以外的全民公投之后,英国新任首相选择在“中立国”即欧洲大陆的瑞士度假,这具有象征意义。
The British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
The UK " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起到了一定作用。
the British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
and British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
和英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
of British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国的“卫士”评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
in British " Guardian " commented that the symbolic neutrality nature of the Swiss played a role in the choice of the British Prime Minister's first resort.
英国《卫报》评论说,瑞士人的象征中立性在英国首相的首选中起了作用。
British " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
英国《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
and " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
The " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
the " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
of " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
a " Daily Telegraph " commented that Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that the British Prime Minister chose to go vacation in Swiss after Margaret Thatcher.
《每日电讯报》评论说,Teresa Mei选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后第一次选择在瑞士度假。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, the two male prime ministers like to go to.
两位女首相的选择与布莱尔和卡梅伦,两位男首相喜欢去的热门地方形成了鲜明对比。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Thatcher and Cameron, the two male prime ministers like to go to.
选择两位女首相与撒切尔和卡梅伦,两位男首相喜欢去的热点地方形成鲜明对比。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, her two male prime ministers like to go to.
两位女首相的选择与布莱尔和卡梅伦(她的两位男首相)喜欢去的热门地方形成了鲜明对比。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, his two male prime ministers like to go to.
两位女首相的选择与布莱尔和卡梅伦的两位男首相喜欢去的热点地方形成鲜明对比。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, the three male prime ministers like to go to.
两位女首相的选择与布莱尔和卡梅伦的热门位置形成了鲜明对比,布莱尔和卡梅伦是三位男首相的热门人选。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the hot place which Blair and Cameron, the 2 male prime ministers like to go to.
两位女首相的选择与布莱尔和卡梅伦的热门位置形成了鲜明对比,布莱尔和卡梅伦是两位男首相的热门人选。
It is reported that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德琳将于8月24日返回伦敦,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is reported that the new UK Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅淑仪将于8月24日回到伦敦,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is reported that the new English Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德琳将于8月24日返回伦敦,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is reported that the new Britain Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德琳将于8月24日返回伦敦,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is said that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据说,英国新任首相梅淑仪将于8月24日回到伦敦,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is confirmed that the new British Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to London on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
英国新任首相梅淑仪将于8月24日返回伦敦,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
The British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于9月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
of British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于九月五日复议,议题包括互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
and British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于九月五日复议,议题包括互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
the British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于9月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
to British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于九月五日复议,议题包括互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
in British parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required by the internet.
英国议会将于九月五日恢复投票,议题包括互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
On June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在年底前启动有关《里斯本条约》的第50条。
On June 21, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月21日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在今年年底前启动有关《里斯本条约》的第50条。
in June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在年底前启动有关《里斯本条约》的第50条。
of June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在年底前启动与《里斯本条约》相关的第50条。
the June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在年底前启动与《里斯本条约》相关的第50条。
to June 23, the British held a referendum for Brexit, but the British new prime minister did not want to start the article 50, which is involved with the Lisbon Treaty before the end of the year.
至6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但英国新任首相并不想在今年年底前启动有关《里斯本条约》的第50条。
There are 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,在安徽省位居首位。
There have 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,在安徽省位居首位。
There total 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,在安徽省排名第一。
There were 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,其数量和数量在安徽省名列前茅。
There project 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1,325个,在安徽省位居首位。
There there 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its number and quantity ranked first in Anhui province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,在安徽省位居首位。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠口语和面对面的交流,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目正处在前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the endowment of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产项目的捐赠主要依靠口语和面对面的交流,许多非物质文化遗产项目几乎无法从过去世代传承,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the origin of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产项目的起源主要依靠口语和面对面的交流,许多非物质文化遗产项目都处于前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the acquisition of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产项目的收购主要靠口语和面对面的通道进行,许多非物质文化遗产项目几乎是祖辈辈传下来的,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the expression of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产项目主要靠口语和面对面的交流来表达,许多非物质文化遗产项目近乎无法传承,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the collection of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui province mainly relies on oral and face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产项目的收集主要依靠口语和面对面的通道,许多非物质文化遗产项目几乎无法从过去世代传承,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According on the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According by the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According of the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According under the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According in the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work report, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry of serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
8月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
In late-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
8月 下旬, 常设 委员会 将 组织 两 个 研究 小组 在 一些 城市 进行 研究, 为 特别 调查 作 好 准备 。
In early-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
八月初,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组,在一些城市进行研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
in mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
在八月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市进行研究,为特别调查作好准备。
of mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
由八月中旬起,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市进行研究,为特别调查作好准备。
to mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
至八月中为止,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组,在一些城市进行研究,为特别调查作好准备。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui noted out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui emphasized out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇强调,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui stressed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇强调,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui added out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇又说,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui explained out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇解释说,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
In the director department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省,武装警察按照省长的命令,在卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,然后前往战斗演习区。
In the chief department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什省,根据局长的命令,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,前往战斗演习区。
In the commander department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什指挥部门,根据指挥员的命令,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,前往战斗演习区。
In the executive department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆卡希行政主管部门,根据局长的命令,卡希、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,前往战斗演习区。
In the command department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什指挥部门,根据指挥员的命令,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,前往战斗演习区。
In the general department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor-driven and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什总省,根据局长的命令,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,用机动车驱动,前往战斗演习区。
China Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻,这在外国从未发生过。
I Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
I火星探险任务的目的是实现环绕、降落和巡逻,这在外国从未发生过。
to Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
火星探险任务的目的是实现环绕、降落和巡逻,这在外国从未发生过。
of Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
火星探险任务的目的是实现环绕、降落和巡逻,这在外国从未发生过。
and Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
火星探测任务的目的是实现环绕、降落和巡逻,而这一点从未发生在国外。
The Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries.
火星探测任务的目标是实现环绕、降落和巡逻,这在外国从未发生过。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务有相当大的难度。
of's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
火星探险的发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务有相当大的难度。
to's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
火星探险的发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务有相当大的难度。
a's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
火星探险的发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务有相当大的难度。
the's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
火星探险的发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这种任务有相当大的难度。
in's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such task has considerable difficulty.
在火星探险的发射目标是在一次中四处走动,降落和巡逻,这样的任务有相当大的难度。
Because the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于火星探测器在26个月中会遇到一个时间窗口,所以专家正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年启动第一个火星探测器。
Because a Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于火星探测器在26个月中会遇到一个时间窗口,所以专家正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年启动第一个火星探测器。
of the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
在火星探测器的26个月中,可以遇到一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
to the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
火星探测器在26个月中会遇到一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
and the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
并且火星探测器在26个月内可以遇到一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
the the Mars probe can encounter a time window in 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
火星探测器在26个月中可以遇到一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
According to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务还是很必要的,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
According by Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务还是很必要的,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
According said Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务还是很必要的,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
to to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
对徐大和来说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务还是很必要的,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
of to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
徐大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务还是很必要的,对火星的探测意味着中国已经进入了一个真正意义上的探索太空的时代。
and to Xu Dazhe, although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration. The detection of Mars means that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense.
对徐大和来说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务还是很必要的,对火星的探测意味着中国已经步入了真正的太空探索时代。
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球距离最近,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" Every four or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔四三年,火星就有可能与地球距离最近,而此时,运载火箭的发射效率最高。
" Every six or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔六三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" Every five or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔五三年,火星就有可能与地球距离最近,而此时,运载火箭的发射效率最高。
" Every ten or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每十年或三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" Every three or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔三三年,火星就有可能与地球距离最近,而此时,运载火箭的发射效率最高。
" Taking into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征五号运载火箭将完成发射任务。
" In into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,完成发射任务将是中国长征五号运载火箭的任务。
" The into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
从火星探测器的质量来看,完成发射任务是中国长征五号运载火箭的任务。
" I into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,完成发射任务是中国长征五号运载火箭的任务。
" in into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国的长征五号运载火箭将完成发射任务。
" to into account the mass of Mars detectors, it will be the job of China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
“考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征五号运载火箭将完成发射任务。”
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻的目标,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但落地失败了。
China's Mars exploring mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探险任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻的目标,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但落地失败了。
China's Mars expedition mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探险任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻的目标,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但落地失败了。
China's Mars discovery mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星发现任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻的目标,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有一次环绕和降落在外国,但着陆失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounded, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、降落和巡逻的目标,这在外国从未发生过,以前有一次环绕和降落在外国,但是降落失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve trapping, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never occurred in foreign countries. There was one time of surrounding and landing before in foreign countries, but the landing failed.
中国的火星探测任务旨在一次完成捕捉、着陆和巡逻任务,这在外国从未发生过,以前曾有过一次环绕和降落在外国,但这次着陆失败了。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
of exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
探索涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
and exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
the exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
探索涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
in exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
在探索中涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
to exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
特别地,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
of other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应该能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
and other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应该能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
the other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应该能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In the words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应该能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In a words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
简言之,火星探测器应当能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According by Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According says Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩说,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According wrote Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩写道,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According stated Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩说,人类之所以偏好火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
According said Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is because Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩说,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都很重要。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
目前,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
of, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
in, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
火星已经成为人类研究水平最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
the, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
to, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
and, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
火星已经成为人类研究水平最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Therefore, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,最终进入火星移民,它会变成人类的第二个家园。
and, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,最终进入火星移民,它会变成人类的第二个家园。
of, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,最终到火星移民,它会变成人类的第二个家园。
the, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
人类希望有一天,在火星上建立一个居住基地,最终到火星移民,它会变成人类的第二个家园。
to, the human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,最终到火星移民,它会变成人类的第二个家园。
Therefore, a human beings hope that one day on the Mars to establish a base of residence, and ultimately to Mars immigration, it turned into a second home of mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,最终进入火星移民,它会变成人类的第二个家园。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,除非经过数十亿年的演化而进入薄薄、低温、水枯竭等大气层。
A large series of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,仅在经过数十亿年的大气演化后,火星才变得薄、低温、水分枯竭等等。
A great number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,仅在经过数十亿年的大气演化后,火星才变得薄、低温、水分枯竭等等。
A extensive number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,除非经过数十亿年的演化,才进入薄、低温、水枯竭等大气层。
A strong number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
大量迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,除非经过数十亿年的演化,才进入薄、低温、水枯竭等大气层。
A numerous number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth, only after billions of years of evolution into the atmosphere thin, low temperature, water depletion and so on.
许多迹象还表明,火星很可能与现在的地球相同,仅在经过数十亿年的大气演化后,火星才变得薄、低温、水分枯竭等等。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可有助于提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
Therefore, a detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
因此,为研究目的在火星进行探测或载人着陆可有助于提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
and, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
而且,用于研究的火星探测或载人着陆可以帮助提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
of, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
在火星上进行探测或载人着陆的研究,有助于提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
in, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
在研究中,在火星上的探测或载人着陆可以帮助提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
the, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning to prevent the earth from becoming the second Mars which is difficult for human beings to inhabit.
在火星上进行探测或载人着陆可以帮助提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为人类难以居住的第二颗火星。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
As to June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
the of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
to of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
a of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
a 2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
of of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
and, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
自20世纪90年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测和14次月球探测。
of, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测和14次月球探测。
to, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
自20世纪90年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测和14次月球探测。
the, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
自20世纪90年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测和14次月球探测。
However, up since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There is currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There have currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There and currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There a currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There project currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space power have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间动力已经开发出一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space forces have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间力量已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space sides have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间方面已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space states have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间国家已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space nations have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界太空国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
On Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年11月5日,印度发射了第一艘火星探测器“曼加里安号”,成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
in Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年11月5日,印度发射了第一颗火星探测器“曼加里安探测器”,成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
of Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年11月5日,印度发射了第一艘火星探测器“曼加里安号”,成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
a Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年11月5日,印度发射了第一艘火星探测器“曼加里安号”,成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
the Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年11月5日,印度发射了第一艘火星探测器“曼加里安号”,成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
to Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ", and has become Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
截至2013年11月5日,印度发射了第一颗火星探测器“曼加里安探测器”,并成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used will study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”将研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并探讨火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is taken to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并探讨火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is a to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安”是研究火星表面、大气和矿物特性,并探讨火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is of to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安”是研究火星表面、大气和矿物特性,并探讨火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is the to study the surface, the atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加里安”是研究火星表面、大气和矿物特性,并探讨火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
to hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
对任务中最难的部分来说,探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
the hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
of hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
and hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
in hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration.
在任务中最困难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动形状和降落伞减速的机会。
According to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According by Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According said Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
to to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
给中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
of to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
对中国航空航天科技公司的火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州来说,火星探测任务面临着许多技术挑战。
the to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
以中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州为例,火星探测任务面临诸多技术挑战。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
the atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
to atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
火星对大气的压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
a atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
of atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
and atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of the Earth's surface atmospheric pressure, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只占地球表面大气压力的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such the its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家们还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如它的变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such a its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家们还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,比如它的变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such in its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家们还没有完全了解火星的变化和风暴特性等因素。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such to its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家们还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,比如它的变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such that its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家们对于火星的各种因素还没有完全的了解,以致于火星的变化和风暴的特点。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar with the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上常常形成一种与地球尘埃相似的尘暴,导致太阳能量急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar of the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上常常形成类似于地球尘埃的尘埃风暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘埃暴消失。
A dust storm similar like the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
类似地球尘埃的沙尘暴通常在夏季的火星上形成,这将导致太阳能的急剧下降,因此,必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summers, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘暴消失。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the Summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover and let it wait patiently until the disappearance of dust storms.
夏季火星上常常形成一种类似于地球尘埃的尘埃风暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,让它耐心地等待,直到尘埃暴消失。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能源供应构成问题。
the the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能量供应构成问题。
to the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有降低效应,对火星探测的能量供应造成了问题。
of the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能量供应构成问题。
and the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对日光有降低效应,对火星探测的能量供应构成问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which presents a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对日照有降低效应,对火星探测的能量供应构成问题。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这需要探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to continually adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这需要探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to continuously adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这需要探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly angle, and strive to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼面积要大一些,需要不断的角度,并努力与太阳的方向对齐。
and requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
并且要求探测器的太阳翼面积要更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
to requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger, and need to constantly adjust, and strive to align with the sun direction.
要求探测器的太阳翼面积更大,需要不断调整,并努力与太阳的方向一致。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
of addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
另外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
to addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
另外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
and addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
另外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
the addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
In to, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
至此,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The heart and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探索任务的心脏和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会来确保成功。
" The key and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探测任务的关键和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以确保成功。
" The focus and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的焦点和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动力形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The fundamental and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探测任务的基本和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The future and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
在探测器进入火星大气层后,火星探测任务的未来和最困难的部分是气动力形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会来确保成功。
According to Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According for Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According in Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳 Ze,由于地球和火星之间的距离相当大,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程。
to to Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
对太阳 Ze来说,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
of to Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
对于太阳 Ze,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
the to Sun Ze, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
对太阳 Ze,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以减速应该依靠火星的大气层来着陆火星,然而,要模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the low speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消低速,所以减速应该依靠火星的大气层来着陆火星,然而,模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to absorb the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
由于没有太多的推进剂来吸收高速,减速应该依靠火星的大气层来着陆火星,然而,要模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to sustain the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有那么多的推进剂能维持高速,所以减速应该依靠火星上的大气层来着陆火星,但是模拟地球上的火星的大气层却相当困难。
Because there was not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以减速应该依靠火星的大气层来着陆火星,然而,要模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high velocity, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以减速应该依靠火星上的大气层来降落火星,然而,要模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般而言,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到在火星上载人着陆的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, to general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般说来,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到载人登陆火星的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, of general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般而言,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到载人登陆火星的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, that general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,将军们,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到载人登陆火星的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, and general, the way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
庞志豪说,一般说来,探测火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到载人登陆火星的目标。
Pang Zhihao said, in general, the way to find the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars.
朴志豪说,一般说来,寻找火星的方式与探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到载人登陆火星的目标。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此在火星探测之前需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
the the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,在火星探测之前需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
of the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
在火星和地球之间的距离大于月球和地球之间的距离,在火星探测之前,它需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
and the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,在火星探测之前,需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
to the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
火星和地球之间的距离大于月球和地球之间的距离,在火星探测之前,它需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
Because the distance between the Mars and that earth is larger than that between the Moon and Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties before the Mars detection.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此在火星探测之前需要克服一系列更为复杂的技术困难。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwan media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党财产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According by Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
台湾媒体报道称,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According per Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
根据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理政党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According said Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织制定的党资产处理条例”将从今天开始生效。
in to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
在台湾媒体报道中,台湾行政总裁林泉昨日早上宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定自今天起生效。
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Deputy Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Chief Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Secretary Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian announced, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县宣布: “ 国民党的历史悠久, 将在没有社会责任感的情况下下台. ”
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
and Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
胡锦涛强调,如果政党、随行组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
of Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
胡锦涛强调,如果政党、随行组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
the Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
to Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
对Quan强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
in Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
胡锦涛强调,如果政党、随行组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
and Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
胡锦涛还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
the Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
胡锦涛还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
of Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
胡锦涛还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
in Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
胡锦涛还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
to Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
胡锦涛还宣布,“独立党副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产结算委员会”副主席。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He stated that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He suggested that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他建议将顾立雄作为《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He proposed that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他建议将顾立雄作为《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He announced that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
他宣布,Gu Lixiong将成为《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。Hong Peigen处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
and said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related Ill-gotten Party Assets.
并说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果全被没收,国民党就可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets now, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要现在有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果党被全部没收,国民党就可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets here, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要这里有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果全被没收,国民党就可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets everyday, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要每天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果全被没收,国民党可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets present, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要有党的财产存在,就不会有人给你社会捐赠,所以如果该党全部被没收,国民党可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产的时候你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian said that, as long as there are party assets Today, no one will give you social donations. So if the party were all confiscated away, then Kuomintang can just ask for social support and sponsorship, " You will have chance to go when there are no assets. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐款,所以如果全被没收了,国民党可以要求社会支持和赞助,“没有财产,你就有机会去。”
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的所得资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党资产将变为无效,当事方将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-received Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《来信方资产处理条例》生效,国民党资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按承诺没收,该党资产将变为无效,当事方将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-obtained Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的不良资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党的资产将变为无效,该党将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-Done Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的自认资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党的资产将变为无效,该党将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-taken Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的收购资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党的资产将无效,该党将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-got Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的财产处理条例》生效,国民党的财产尚未全部没收,其余财产将继续按照承诺没收,该党财产将变为无效,当事方将自始至终。
Original title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
original title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
Main title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
标题:兰岳峰“走廊大夫”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
Title title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
标题:兰岳峰“走廊大夫”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
The title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
First title : Suit launched by " corridor doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV host Wang Zhi'an for reputation infringement fails in instance judgment
标题:兰岳峰“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安提出的侵犯名誉诉讼,在审判中均不成立
The legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦庄科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The legal afternoon news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定午后新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦庄科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The legal morning news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法定的早晨新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了他针对微博“走廊医生”事件的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦庄科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The court evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
宫廷晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦庄科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The re evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微梦创科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
The Legal evening news : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
法律晚间新闻:由于央视主持人王智安发表了他针对微博“走廊医生”事件的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦庄科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法院对案件作出判决,裁定王志安和微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Yesterday evening, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日傍晚,海淀法庭宣判该案件,裁定王志安和微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Yesterday end, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日结束,海淀法庭宣判该案件,裁定王志安和微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
and afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
和下午,海淀法庭宣判了案件,判决称王志安和微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回了兰岳峰的所有索赔要求。
to afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
直至下午,海淀法院才宣判该案件,判决称,王志安和微梦公司并未构成侵权,因此驳回了兰岳峰的所有索赔要求。
the afternoon, Haidian court sentenced the case and the verdict said that Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
当天下午,海淀法庭宣判了该案件,判决称,王志安和微梦公司并未构成侵权,因此驳回了Lan Yeefeng的所有索赔要求。
At the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊坐了600多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the end of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年底,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊坐了600多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the autumn of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年秋天,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊上坐了600多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At a beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊上坐了600多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At that beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊坐了600多天,被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
the the beginning of 2014, CCTV reporter Wang Zhi'an found after his survey that although Lan Yuefeng was sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days and was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰在走廊坐了600多天,并被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
On March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日, 中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目.
in March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日,中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目。
of March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日,中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目。
and March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日,中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目。
to March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
至2014年3月29日,中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目。
the March 29, 2014, the " corridor doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted.
2014年3月29日,中央电视台新闻调查播出了“走廊医生”节目。
All information about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
所有关于Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度治疗的信息都没有任何证据支持。
All information about his so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所有关于他所谓的过度治疗的信息都没有任何证据支持。
All news about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报道的有关所谓过度治疗的所有新闻都没有任何证据支持。
All details about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报道的所谓过度治疗的所有细节都没有任何证据支持。
All reports about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
所有关于Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度治疗的报道都没有任何证据支持。
All rumours about the so-called over-medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报道的所谓过度治疗的所有谣言都没有任何证据支持。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在有真名认证的微博中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the superblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在用真名认证的超级博客中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the eblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在真实姓名认证的博客中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the pseudoblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在假冒真名的博客上,王志安也说,兰岳峰之所以成为这种人,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the chatblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在真实姓名认证的聊天中,王志安还表示,兰岳峰之所以成为这个网站的原因是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the postblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is because of his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
王志安在用真名认证的博客中也说,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
At the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判时,双方争论王建是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
the the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判期间,双方就王建谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权提出辩驳。
to the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
至审判时,双方均争论王建谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
in the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判期间,双方争论王建是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
of the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判时,双方争论王建是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
and the time of the trial, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在审判期间,双方还争论王建谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的亮点:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
High Light of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
月中第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
High View of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
月中第12天的高潮:在田径赛的开始,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
High highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
月中第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
High highlights of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
High Lights of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
月中第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
The bicycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双赢,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bike game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
这场自行车赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,而女子世界杯女子队将挑战德国队,德国队两次获得世界冠军,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The cycling game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,而女子世界杯女子队将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双胜,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The cycle game is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
这场自行车赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,而女子世界杯女子队将挑战德国队,德国队两次获得世界冠军,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle games is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双赢,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle players is expected to realize the " zero breakthrough " in the Olympic gold medal while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车运动员有望在奥运金牌上实现“零突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队两次获得世界冠军,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得银牌,今年五月在世界锦标赛上被提升为单项项目冠军。
the Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
陈水扁在两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得了银牌,今年五月在世界锦标赛上被提升为单项项目冠军。
and Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
去年5月在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上,他夺得了银牌,并被提升为世界锦标赛的个别项目冠军。
of Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
去年5月在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上,他夺得了银牌,并被提升为世界锦标赛的个别项目冠军。
to Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
去年5月,他赢得了在北京举行的世界田径锦标赛的银牌,并被提升为世界田径锦标赛的个别项目冠军。
in Zhen was quite outstanding in the two races. He won silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
去年5月在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上,他夺得了银牌,并被提升为世界锦标赛的个别项目冠军。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According to international media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据国际媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According per foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According in foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According by foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
the to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, the 27-year-old Korean archery female player won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is the second scoring of Olympic gold medal following the team competition. This made she become a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是在比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
Zhang Huizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张惠珍被认为是一个晚开球者,她后悔没有赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Yuzhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张玉珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Jingzhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张景珍被认为是一个晚开球者,她后悔没有赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约奥运讲台的顶端。
Zhang Pingzhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张平镇被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约奥运讲台的顶端。
Zhang Weizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张薇珍被认为是一个晚开球的人,她后悔没有赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Yingzhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets about not winning the last session of the London Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张英珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届伦敦奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约奥运讲台的顶端。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张惠珍在里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中夺得了丽莎温格鲁(Lisa Wenglu)的金牌,总分为6-2。
Zhang Yuzhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张玉珍夺得了巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛的金牌,总分为6-2。
Zhang Weizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张维珍在丽莎温格鲁夺得金牌,巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛总分为6-2。
Zhang Yizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张义镇在丽莎温格鲁获得金牌,在巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中总分为6-2。
Zhang Qizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张齐镇获得巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛金牌,总分为6-2。
Zhang Jingzhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张景镇在巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中夺得了丽莎温格鲁的金牌,总分为6-2。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,2014年她27岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
the did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次获得射箭比赛金牌,2014年她27岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌。
and did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她于2014年27岁时赢得了首枚个人锦标赛金牌,因此她是个晚开球运动员。
to did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她于2014年27岁时赢得了首枚个人锦标赛金牌,所以她是个晚开球运动员。
of did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她于2014年27岁时赢得了首枚个人锦标赛金牌,所以她是个晚开球运动员。
in did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She won the first individual tournament gold medal when she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次获得射箭比赛金牌,2014年她27岁时赢得了第一块个人锦标赛金牌。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too terrible to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太糟糕了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too good to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太好,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too poor to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too low to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆道:“我高中前的表现太低了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too Bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在伦敦奥运会的参赛资格考试中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Yuzhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张玉珍在伦敦奥运会资格考试中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Weizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张薇珍是伦敦奥运会资格考试的第四名,可惜她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Yingzhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张英镇是伦敦奥运会资格考试的第四名,可惜她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Xiaozhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张晓珍在伦敦奥运会的参赛资格考试中名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen was ranked the fourth at the London Olympic Games qualification trials. However, she lost the Olympic admission and can just watch her colleague and good friend Qi Pubei score two gold medals.
张惠珍在本届伦敦奥运会的参赛资格考试中名列第四,然而,她失去了奥运入场资格,只能看着她的同事和好朋友齐浦北获得两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐枪射一射直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual award ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐枪射一射直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
Zhang Yingzhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张英珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他的金牌,我试着逐枪射一射直到最后一射,可能是因为这样会给我带来好成绩,让我满意。
Zhang Weizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼之后,张维珍谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐个射门,直到最后一枪,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
Zhang Yuzhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张玉珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他的金牌,我试着逐枪射一射,直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意了。
Zhang Jingzhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张景珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他的金牌,我试图逐枪射一射直到最后一射,可能是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意了。
The 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
28岁的韩国射箭队“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭队个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
the 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
28岁的韩国射箭队“一号”,和伦敦奥运会射箭个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
and 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
和28岁的韩国射箭“一号”,和伦敦奥运会射箭个人赢得了冠军齐福北铜牌。
a 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
一名28岁的韩国射箭运动员“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
of 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
28岁的韩国射箭队“一号”和伦敦奥运会射箭队个人比赛冠军齐福北赢得了铜牌。
to 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the London Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner Qi Fubei won the bronze medal.
28岁的韩国射箭队“一号”,和伦敦奥运会射箭队个人赢得的冠军齐福北铜牌。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Qi Fu Qing shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
齐福青知道自己赢得金牌后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Qi Xibei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
齐锡北知道自己赢得金牌后流泪,此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Qi Zhaobei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
齐肇北知道自己赢得金牌后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Qi Shanbei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
齐山北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Qi Fangbei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal. At this time, we can know her pressure.
齐方北知道自己赢得金发奖章后流泪。此时,我们可以知道她的压力。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs professional training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,教练员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的专业培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs systematic training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要系统的培训,需要逐步积累。
Firstly, the coach staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,教练人员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific knowledge, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次是需要科学知识,需要逐步积累。
Firstly, a coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在自己的渐进学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要科学培训,并需要长期积累。
The Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力,保持无偏见,夜间穿越墓地。
the Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力,保持无偏见,夜间穿越墓地。
and Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力和保持无偏见,并在夜间穿越墓地。
was Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
是射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力和保持无偏见,并在夜间穿越墓地。
a Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
a 射箭队通过军事训练帮助队员集中注意力并保持不偏不倚,夜间穿越墓地。
to Archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through the cemetery during night.
通过军训和夜间穿越墓地,帮助射箭队队员集中注意力,保持无偏见。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although with yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
尽管已经证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although as yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
尽管目前还有待证实,但许多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although of yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
尽管已经证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although officially yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
尽管已经正式确认,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although yet yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really be launched into the market.
尽管目前还有待证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正投放市场。
Although Apple did not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有做出回应,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
Although Apple had not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有做出回应,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
Although Apple was not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有做出回应,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
Although Apple announced not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
尽管苹果公司宣布没有回应,但也有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
Although Apple said not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
虽然苹果没有回复,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,互联网上甚至有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
Although Apple released not respond, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine model " on the internet.
虽然苹果没有做出回应,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器模型”的图片。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸的。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,比如苏宁。
The new Generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
新一代的iPhone真的“引人注目”,热辣而难以获取。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的渠道,比如苏宁。
The new version of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine product at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
iPhone的新版真的“引人注目”,热门又难买。如果第一次想购买真正的产品,你必须选择一个不错的频道,比如Suning。
This has exacerbated people's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了人们对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone是如此的可怕。”
This has exacerbated users's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了用户对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone太可怕了。”
This has exacerbated consumers's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了消费者对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone是如此的可怕。”
This has exacerbated everyone's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了每个人对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone是如此的可怕。”
This has exacerbated many's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了许多人对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone太可怕了。”
This has exacerbated some's disappointment of the new iPhone, " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation of iPhone is so terrible. "
这加剧了一些人对新的iPhone的失望,“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代iPhone太可怕了。”
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,一些消息来源声称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In the, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
有一些消息称新一代的iPhone手机将被取消3. 5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙接口和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In of, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
其中,有一些消息称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3.5mm耳机插孔,并改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In is, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
有一些消息称新一代的iPhone手机将被取消3. 5mm耳机插孔,并改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In to, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
有一些消息称新一代的iPhone手机将被取消3. 5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙接口和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In The, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
有一些消息称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3. 5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
the evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
a evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
to evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
and evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
of evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
the evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
a evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
of evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
and evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
to evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether these reports are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
这些报告是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether these stories are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
这些故事是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether these news were true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether these news be true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
无论这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,都将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
Whether these news is true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,将在2016年苹果秋季会议之前公布。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But that does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7可能成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But This does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But this does however prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
不过,这确实防止了业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
and this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
虽然从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据中可以看出iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降,但这并不能阻止业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级。
the this does not prevent the industry insiders to be optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
虽然从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据中可以看出iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降,但这并不能阻止业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Among these, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Among those, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Among it, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Among reviews, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
在评论中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高水平的销售业绩。
Among results, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will obtain a historical high sales achievement.
高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股票列为“买入”评级,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将获得历史高额销售业绩。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
to, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
in, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
Broadcom CEOHK Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
and, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
of, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
the, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
Broadcom首席执行官Hock Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
7 % of respondents said they have the plan to buy iPhone7, while only 4 % people had the plan to buy iPhone6.
7%的受访者说他们有购买iPhone7的计划,只有4%的人有购买iPhone6的计划。
7 % Of respondents said they have the plan to buy iPhone7, while only 4 % people had the plan to buy iPhone6.
7%的受访者说他们有购买iPhone7的计划,只有4%的人有购买iPhone6的计划。
It is understood that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It was understood that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据了解,目前20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户组有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is expected that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
预计目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户组有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is known that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
众所周知,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户组有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is possible that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is estimated that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a quite high proportion.
据估计,目前20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户组有购买iPhone7的计划。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, According to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according per expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家的分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to experts analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据专家的分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to unofficial analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据非正式分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
Secondly, according to official analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone.
其次,根据官方分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢更换自己的iPhone手机。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to data, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据悉,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户使用同一iPhone已有两年了。
According to figures, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
根据数字,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to numbers, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
根据数字,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to estimates, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据估计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to reports, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for 2 years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据报道,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According the media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设备的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响到iPhone7的初始供应。”
According in media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According local media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据台湾媒体报道,在iPhone7生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According news media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
新闻报导说,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According by media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
Supply and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供应和需求之间的矛盾会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7的时机已经到来。
the and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
需求与需求之间的矛盾会影响普通用户,因此选择一个好的渠道并购买真正的iPhone7的时机已经到来。
to and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
和需求矛盾将影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7是第一次。
in and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
在和需求矛盾将影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7是第一次。
and and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
和需求矛盾将影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7是第一次。
of and demand contradiction will affect the average user, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
需求矛盾和需求矛盾会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7是第一次。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,苏宁的管理人员和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to verified sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
根据经核实的消息来源,苏宁高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to reported sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
据报导,最近,森宁的管理人员和苹果公司经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to alleged sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,苏宁公司高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to anonymous sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
据匿名消息来源称,最近,森宁的管理人员和苹果经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to unnamed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
据无名消息来源称,苏宁高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商与苏宁进行了谈判,因此可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务将不可避免地带给用户。
Operators have coordinated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
运营商与苏宁公司进行了协调,因此,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务不可避免地会给用户带来好处。
Operators have met with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商已与苏宁会面,因此,可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务将不可避免地带给用户。
Operators have contracted with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商已与苏宁签约,因此可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格下降和更为亲密的服务将不可避免地带给用户。
Operators have traded with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
运营商与Suning进行了交易,因此,随着双方合作的深入,价格下降和更为亲密的服务不可避免地会给用户带来损失。
Operators have arranged with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will inevitably bring to users.
营办商已与苏宁安排,因此,可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务将不可避免地带给用户。
" With the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, The consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" On the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
在最低价格下, 消费者可以 “ 每天只用7元购买iPhone7 ”.
" For the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
“ 以最低价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" In the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
“ 以最低价格, 消费者可以 “ 每天只用7元购买iPhone7 ”.
" At the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
“ 以最低价格, 消费者可以 “ 每天只用7元购买iPhone7 ”.
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7的购买压力。苏宁的物流将这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 purchasing. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将减轻iPhone7购买的压力。苏宁的物流将这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 purchase. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将减轻iPhone7购买的压力。苏宁的物流将这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 purchases. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将减轻iPhone7购买的压力。苏宁的物流将这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buy. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7购买的压力,苏宁的物流将把这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buyers. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将减轻iPhone7买家的压力,而Suning的物流将使这种良好的感觉转变为更直观的经验。
Maybe you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
可能午夜时分你接到电话 “ 你好, 松宁乐购, 你的iPhone7来了. ”
Maybe You'll get a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
也许午夜时分你会接到电话 “ 你好, 松宁乐购, 你的iPhone7来了. ”
Maybe you'll have a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
也许午夜时分你就会接到电话 “ 你好, 松宁乐购, 你的iPhone7来了. ”
of you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜时分,大家会接到电话的。“你好,苏宁乐购,你的iPhone7来了。”
the you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜时分你就会接到电话。“你好,苏宁乐购,你的iPhone7来了。”
and you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello, Suning Tesco, your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜时分,你就会接到电话了。“你好,苏宁乐购,你的iPhone7来了。”
The organizers hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望当地人民能够通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organization hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
本组织希望当地人民通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The is hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
希望通过文物展览,使当地人民能够更多了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The was hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
希望当地人民能够通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The and hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
希望当地人民能够通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The are hope that the local people can understand more about the history of Chinese culture via the cultural relics exhibition, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
希望当地人民能够通过文物展了解中国文化的历史,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到十月初.
of part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
部分欧洲之旅,巴塞罗那的“明朝传统展览会”将持续至十月初。
to part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
巴塞罗那的“明朝传统展览会”将持续到十月初。
in part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
巴塞罗那的“明朝传统展览会”将持续到十月初,作为欧洲巡回展览的一部分。
and part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
以及部分欧洲之旅,巴塞罗那的“明朝传统展览会”将持续到十月初。
the part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
巴塞罗那“明朝传统展览会”部分欧洲之旅将持续到十月初。
Yesterday, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
昨天,华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告,第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司将再次收购其股票。
to, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)发布了2016年半年期报告。第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(China Securities Finance Corporation,CSFC)将再次收购其股票。
the, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)发布了2016年的半年期报告。第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(China Securities Finance Corporation,CSFC)将再次收购其股票。
of, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告。第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(中信集团)将再次收购其股票。
in, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
华夏银行和上海浦东发展银行发布了2016年的半年期报告。第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(中信集团)将再次收购其股票。
and, Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank issued a semi-annual report of the year 2016. In the second quarter, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares.
华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)发布了2016年的半年期报告。第二季度,中国证券金融有限公司(China Securities Finance Corporation,CSFC)将再次收购其股票。
Among them, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
其中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增加其华夏银行股份至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among it, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
华夏银行将在其中再持有29.293亿股股份,到6月底,华夏银行将增持3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among the, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
在华夏银行股份中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行股份将增加至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among of, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
其中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增加其华夏银行股份至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among to, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
华夏银行将另外持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增加其华夏银行股份至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among in, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
华夏银行将增持29.2931亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增持3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行(Pudong Development Bank)的3800万股股份,并将该股上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.77%。
According to a estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行(Pudong Development Bank)的3800万股股份,并将该股上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.77%。
According to of estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估算,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行3800万股股份,其股票将升至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the share, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从该股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行3800万股股份,并将股票上调到近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shareholders, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股东中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估算,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行3800万股股份,其股票将升至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from its shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有浦东发展银行3800万股股份,并将股票上市至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
Recently, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园正式向村民和游客开放。
in, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园将正式向村民和游客开放。
the, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园将正式向村民和游客开放。
of, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园将正式向村民和游客开放。
to, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园将正式向村民和游客开放。
and, Shizi Bang Hebo Park, Zhengfu village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang province will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦河博公园将正式向村民和游客开放。
Composed of more than 100 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由100多个圆形小池塘组成,种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Composed by more than 100 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由100多个圆形小池塘组成,种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Composed with more than 100 circular small ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus, water lilies and so on.
公园由100多个圆形小池塘组成,园内种植了300多个不同的观赏莲花、水莲花等。
Rural lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
农村莲花业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
in lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
在荷花产业中,它既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
of lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
莲花业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
and lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
和莲花业既是装饰性的,又是有趣的,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
to lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
对莲花业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
the lotus industry is both ornamental and amusing, with economic benefits and has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
莲花业既具有观赏性,又具有娱乐性,具有经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件引起了人们的关注,因为其潜水池的水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
According to international media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据国际媒体报道,里约热内卢奥运会“绿池”事件引起人们的关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
然而,当月第10天早上,靠近水池的火柴池的水也变绿了。
the, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
月十日上午,紧靠水池的火柴池的水也变绿了。
to, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
到月十日上午,火柴池附近的水也变绿了。
in, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
在月10日上午,火柴池附近的水也变绿了。
of, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
月十日上午,紧靠水池的火柴池水也变绿了。
and, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the match pool adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
月十日上午,紧靠水池的火柴池的水也变绿了。
Australian water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
澳大利亚水球参赛选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
and water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
水球选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
the water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
水球选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
a water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
一个水球选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
of water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
水球选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
to water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears.
对水球选手说,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
Previously, Rio officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
之前,力拓的官员证实了绿化水的情况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, Olympics officials confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
此前,奥运官员证实了水绿化的状况,并表示水绿化的原因是碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, Rio official confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
之前,力拓的官员证实了水绿化的情况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, Rio athletes confirmed the situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
之前,力拓运动员证实了水绿化的状况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, Rio officials confirmed a situation of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
之前,力拓的官员证实了水绿化的情况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, Rio officials confirmed the condition of water greening, and said the water color is due to the weakening of alkaline reasons and will not affect the athlete's health.
之前,力拓的官员证实了水绿化的状况,并说水的颜色是由于碱性原因的削弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
However, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
然而,在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们表示他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
and, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
the, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们表示他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
to, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
of, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员在日本代表团的水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
in, after Australian players achieved success with the Japanese delegation in the water polo pool, they said their eyes felt pricking.
在澳大利亚球员与日本代表团一起在水球池中取得成功后,他们说他们的眼睛感到刺痛。
When the water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the waters of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水面变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When of water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变成绿色时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When to water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变成绿色时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When and water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变成绿色时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When in water of diving pool turned green, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水变成绿色时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
During the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
During the tournament period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池塘的水质。
During the compete period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池塘的水质。
During the competing period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池塘的水质,使其恢复原来的颜色。
During the competed period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池塘的水质。
the the competition period of the Australia and Japanese team, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to return the water quality of the two pools to their original colors on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛中,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个池子的水质。
Mario Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
the Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
and Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
of Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约热内卢奥运会发言人安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水库水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
to Andrada, the spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会发言人对安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
Mario Andrada, a spokesman of Rio Olympic Games said, " The alkalinity of water quality in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon ".
里约奥运会的发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,潜水池水质的碱性开始变弱了。”
" We learned about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到了导致水变色和水质碱性的一系列原因。
" We found about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们发现了导致水变色和水质碱性的一系列原因。
" We discovered about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们发现了导致水变色和水质碱性的一系列原因。
" We knew about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们知道了导致水变色和水质碱性的一系列原因。
" We researched about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们研究了一系列可能导致水变色和水质碱性的原因。
" We investigated about a series of causes that could cause discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们研究了一系列可能导致水变色和水质碱性的原因。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
the water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
to water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
对水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
and water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
和水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员使用游泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
of water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
in water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
在水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近日,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked a impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近来,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have neglected the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近来,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have missed the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近日,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽略了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have ignored the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近日,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" They have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近日,他们一直遵循常规,但我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" But the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然对降没有影响,特别是对运动员来说. ”
" But the change in water color certainly has no impact on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然不会影响降, 尤其是运动员的健康. ”
" This independent team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态所采取的措施。
" This independent team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore a normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态所采取的措施。
" This expert team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个专家组证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复池子的正常颜色和正常化学状态所采取的措施。
" This outside team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这支外部团队证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态所采取的措施。
" This investigative team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个调查小组证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复水池的正常颜色和化学状态所采取的措施。
" This environmental team confirms our assessment and confirms the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个环境小组证实了我们的评估,并证实了我们为恢复池子的正常颜色和化学状态所采取的措施。
According to Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According by Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According says Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According per Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
根据台湾的《中央新闻社》的报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According said Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾“中央新闻社”报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According reported Taiwan's " The Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According of the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According on the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According by the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According stated the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According from the ABS-CBN television, the event occurred at Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 am today.
据ABS-CBN电视台报道,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见监狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方错报了他们的标志,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The Police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方错报了他们的分数,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The authorities said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
当局说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方错报了他们的标志,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
the police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,并抱怨监狱事务移交,但双方错报了他们的标志,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹,并造成爆炸。
and police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方错报了他们的分数,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
in police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides mistime their marks. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方表示,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,并对转移监狱事务提出投诉,但双方错报了他们的分数,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未公布死囚名单,但据GMA电视台报道,有两名中国人。
The prison has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死囚名单,但据GMA电视台报道,有两名中国人。
The Prison has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死亡囚犯的姓名,但据GMA电视台称,有两名中国人。
The the has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
警方尚未宣布死者姓名,但据GMA电视台称,有两名中国人。
The a has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
警方尚未宣布死者姓名,但据GMA电视台称,有两名中国人。
the jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未公布死囚名单,但据GMA电视台报道,有两名中国人。
As of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午8时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
the of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
of of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
and of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
to of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
a of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
在上午8点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,打死了一名"企图袭击警察"的刑警。
and, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
并且,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名"企图袭击警察"的酷刑犯。
of, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
其中,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名"企图袭击警察"的酷刑犯。
the, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名"企图袭击警察"的酷刑犯。
to, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
至此,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名"企图袭击警察"的酷刑犯。
a, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a torturer who " attempted assaulting the police ".
a、菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名"企图袭击警察"的酷刑犯。
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
U Nanqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
U Nanqi使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market and regulates that tourism agencies must sign contracts with tourists
乌鲁木齐使旅游市场的经营秩序正常化,并规定旅游代理商必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market in regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了旅游市场的经营秩序,规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market a regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了旅游市场的经营秩序,规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi normalizes the operating order of travel tourism market of regulates that travel agencies must sign contracts with tourists
乌鲁木齐规范旅游市场经营秩序,规定旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourism season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourists season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak holiday season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入节日高峰期,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同数量偏低的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to investigate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了调查旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entering peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, yesterday Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆大多是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
in 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大客车载满游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆大多是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
of 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆大多是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
to 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
至昨日上午八点,十余辆巴士载满游客,停在肯宾斯基酒店附近。这些车辆大部分是前往天池一日游的个别车群。
and 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满了游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆大多是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
the 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly individual group that went for Tianchi One Day Tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满了游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆大多是参加天池一天游的个别人群。
" Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了字 吗? ”
" Hi, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了字 吗? ”
" Yes, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign with the travel agency ? "
“ 是的, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了字 吗? ”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于斌解释说,“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Lu, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于路解释说:“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Ping, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于平解释说:“外国客车和客车线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游运输工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Pan, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员余潘解释说:“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Bai, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队工作人员余白解释说:“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Bing, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员余兵解释说:“外国客车和客车线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游运输工程,但他们没有资格。”
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine fined 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine fine 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
It was reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
It be reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
It are reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
to is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门已对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
the is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Department has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法部门对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅客集中的地方进行了调查。
After integrating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐两次整合检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After incorporating the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐两次进行检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对于旅行车辆来说,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人被集体伤害和杀死。”
After implementing the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
执行两次检查后,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人被集体伤害和杀死。”
After performing the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐两次检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After conducting the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐两次检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
After completing the inspection twice, Ma Qi, the deputy head of Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment said that, " Safety first, norm second. No small matters for the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐两次检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,对旅行车辆而言,没有什么小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被集体杀害。”
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车使用行为规范化,确保游客的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behaviour of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车使用行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use activity of tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车使用活动正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior in tourist agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以使旅游代理商的汽车使用行为规范化,确保游客的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior of tourism agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,以规范旅游代理商的汽车使用行为,确保旅游者的安全。
" The management and we have made continuous inspection on the market to normalize the car use behavior of tourists agency to ensure the safety of tourists. "
管理层和我们不断对市场进行检查,规范了旅游代理商的汽车使用行为,确保了旅游者的安全。
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室举行国民经济运行新闻发布会。
the the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
2016年7月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室举行了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
and the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
以及8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室于2016年7月举行了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
of the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
2016年7月,国务院新闻办公室在8月12日上午举行了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
in the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
国务院新闻办公室于8月12日上午于2016年7月举行了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
to the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
至8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室于2016年7月举行了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
Sheng Yunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈云云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Yuyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈裕云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Yinyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈银云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Yanyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈延云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Chunyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈春云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
Sheng Qiyun, spokesman of National Bureau of Statistics and head of National Economic Statistics Division said that, in July, the part index number of national economy slowed relatively but still operated in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈齐云表示,7月份国民经济的部分指数相对放缓,但仍在合理范围内运行。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据已经下降。
According to a data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据已经下降。
According to an data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据已经下降。
According to and data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据均有所下降。
According to in data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据已经下降。
According by the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July have come down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据均有所下降。
Sheng Laiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
盛莱云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是动荡的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Yuyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈裕云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是动荡的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Pingyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
盛平云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势多变,潜力还好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
Sheng Liuyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈柳云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势动荡,潜力仍然很好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Yiyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈义云说,对于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是动荡的,潜力还是好的”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的较好方法。
Sheng Minyun said, as for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ". This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
沈敏云说,至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势多变,潜力还好”,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
He explained that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他解释说,“波动的形状”是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升后出现的下降。
He stated that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他说,"波动形态"是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升之后的下降。
He commented that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他评论说,“波动的形状”是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升之后的下降。
He said that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他说,“波动的形状”是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升后出现的下降。
He added that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他补充说,“波动的形状”是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升之后的下降。
He noted that " the shape of the fluctuations " refers to the fall after rise of some economic indicators growth rate in July.
他指出,"波动形态"是指7月份一些经济指标增长率上升之后的下降。
In July, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
7月,国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍相对沉重。
In October, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
10月,国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整中,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍相对沉重。
In June, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
今年6月,中国国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍相对沉重。
In November, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
11月,国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍相对沉重。
In April, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
4月,国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整中,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍然较大。
In March, the domestic and international economy is still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and volatile and the world economic recovery is less than expected, so the export pressure is still relatively heavy.
今年3月,中国国内、国际经济仍处于深度调整阶段,国际形势复杂多变,世界经济复苏低于预期,出口压力仍相对沉重。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
As in the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
与国内情况一样,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
to for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
对于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济压力巨大,因此一些指标仍在波动。
of for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
针对国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济压力巨大,因此一些指标仍在波动。
the for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
国内形势下,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济压力巨大,因此一些指标仍在波动。
and for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage of adjustment, adjustment labor pains are releasing and the economy is under great pressure, so some indicators are still fluctuating.
对于国内形势,整个经济仍处在调整的临界阶段,调整劳动力的痛苦正在减轻,经济正面临巨大的压力,因此一些指标仍在波动。
Sheng Laiyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈莱云指出,七月曾出现过特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Pingyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈平云指出,七月曾出现过特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Meiyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈美云指出,7月份发生了一起特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Chenyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈陈云指出,七月发生了特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Yinyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈延云指出,七月曾出现过特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
Sheng Yuyun pointed out that there was a special case in July, with serious floods, high temperature and hot weather which have brought some impact on production and operation of some areas.
沈裕云指出,七月曾出现过特例,洪水、高温和炎热天气严重,对部分地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报道,受灾人数超过6000万人,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
According by the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报告,受灾人数超过6000万人,直接经济损失达2000多亿元。
According per the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
根据民政部的近期报告,受灾人口超过6000万人,直接经济损失超过2000亿元。
According stated the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报告,受灾人数超过6000万人,直接经济损失超过2000亿元。
According said the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报道,受灾人数超过6000万人,直接经济损失超过2000亿元。
According reported the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than 200 billion yuan.
据民政部近日报道,受灾人数超过6000万人,直接经济损失超过2000亿元。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
of the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的观点来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
a the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
在对工业、投资和运输相关指标的看法中,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
in the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
在工业、投资和运输指标方面,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
to the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
the the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
在对工业、投资和运输相关指标的看法中,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3. 6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
the cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份成交率回落3.6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
of cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3.6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
to cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份成交率回落3.6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
and cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份货运周转率回落3. 6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
in cargo turnover growth rate in July fell back 3. 6 percentage and floods on these areas have a certain impact on traffic.
7月份成交率回落3.6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
From these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
从这些因素来看,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而且这种情况是预期的。
the these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
由于这些因素,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而这种情况是预期的。
of these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
在这些因素中,某些指标有一定的波动是很正常的,而这种情况是预期的。
to these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
对于这些因素来说,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而且这种情况是预期的。
and these factors, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
以及这些因素,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而这种情况是预期的。
From these factor, it is quite normal to have some fluctuations in some indicators. And such thing is expected.
从这些因素来看,在一些指标中有一些波动是很正常的,而这种情况是预期的。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He stated, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现了反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He explained, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他解释说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现了反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He mentioned, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他提到,“潜力还不错”意味着尽管经济增长出现了反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He argued, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他认为,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现了反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He wrote, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他写道,“潜力还不错”,这意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,整体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头并未改变。
In July, CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation is stable.
7月CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,1月至7月,CPI上涨2.1%,物价总体稳定。
In Jul, CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation is stable.
在日元,CPI上涨了1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,从1月到7月,CPI上涨了2.1%,因此总体物价稳定。
in July, CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation is stable.
7月份CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%。1月至7月份CPI上涨2.1%,整体物价稳定。
the July, CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation is stable.
7月份CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%。1月至7月份CPI上涨2.1%,整体物价稳定。
of July, CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation is stable.
7月份CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%。1月至7月份CPI上涨2.1%,整体物价稳定。
and July, CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation is stable.
7月CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%。1月至7月CPI上涨2.1%,整体物价稳定。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区还可以享受不同程度的高温降温。
According by the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气的统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区还可以享受不同程度的高温降温。
According per the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气的统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区还可以享受不同程度的高温允许。
of to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳市外,其他各区、县的热天气均可得到不同程度的高温允许值。
the to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
通过重庆市气象局的门户网站对各区、县的热天气进行统计,除优阳市外,其他各区、县的热天气还可以得到不同程度的高温允许值。
and to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, the rest of the city can receive different degrees of high temperature allowance.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳市外,其他各区、县的热天气均可得到不同程度的高温允许值。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民根据高温工作日数领取补贴。
of present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民享受的补贴以高温工作日为基础。
to present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民根据高温工作日数领取补贴。
the present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民根据高温工作日数领取补贴。
and present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民根据高温工作日的计算享受补贴。
in present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standard of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance based on the count of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民享受的补贴以高温工作日为基础。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
温度在35°C至37°C之间时,每人每天可享受不低于10元的零用钱。温度高于[UNK]时,每人可享受不低于15元的零用钱。
In event of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
遇有35至37°[香港]的温度,人们可获得不低于10元的每日津贴。若温度高于[香港],人们可获得不低于15元的津贴。
In total of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
气温在35～37°[香港]之间,每人每天可享受不少于10元的零用钱。如果气温超过[香港],每人可享受不低于15元的零用钱。
In condition of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
在35至37°[香港]的温度条件下,人们每天可享受不低于10元的零用钱。如果温度高于[香港],人们可享受不低于15元的零用钱。
In average of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
平均气温在35至37[香港]之间,人们每天可享受不低于10元的零用钱。如果气温高于[香港],人们可享受不低于15元的零用钱。
In the of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above [UNK], people are released with the allowance of not less than 15 yuan.
在[香港]35-37°C的温度下,人们每天可享受不少于10元的零用钱。如果温度高于[香港],人们可享受不低于15元的零用钱。
In case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
and case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果员工的体温高于[香港],高温员工每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
in case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果员工的体温超过[香港],高温员工每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
to case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如温度高于[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
of case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果员工的体温高于[香港],高温员工每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
the case of temperature above [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果员工的体温高于[香港],高温员工每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但对享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家的开州人民可以获得330元人民币,高温最低的成口人民可以获得80元人民币,而优阳最高气温不符合高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In accordance to this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家可达330元,而高温最低的国家可达80元,而优阳最高气温则达不到高温标准,所以没有高温允许值。
In accordance meeting this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家的开州居民可获得330元,高温最低的成口居民可获得80元,而优阳最高气温不达高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In accordance with this standard, people in Xizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温最高的国家,西州人民可以获得330元人民币,在高温最低的国家,成口人民可以获得80元人民币,而优阳最高气温不符合高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In accordance with this standard, people in Qizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温最高的国家齐州,人们可以得到330元人民币,在高温最低的国家成口,人们可以得到80元人民币,而优阳的最高气温不符合高温标准,所以没有高温允许值。
In accordance with this standard, people in Weizhou which has the highest number of high temperature can receive 330 yuan. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, so there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,高温最高的国家的威州人民可以获得330元人民币,而高温最低的国家人民币可获得80元人民币,而优阳最高气温不符合高温标准,因此没有高温允许值。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In a past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
in the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
to the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
of the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
the the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣减或减少工人工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and decreasing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得因停止工作和减少工作时间而扣减或减少工人的工资。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and cutting working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得因停止工作和缩短工作时间而扣减或减少工人的工资。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and increasing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣除或减少工人的工资,以免终止工作和增加工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and limiting working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得因终止工作和限制工作时间而扣减或减少工人的工资。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and extending working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得在终止工作和延长工作时间的情况下扣减或减少工人的工资。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
The City's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
纽约市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温下工作时没有享受高温补贴,他们可通过劳资纠纷调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或致电12333投诉。
The city's Social Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
市社会资源安全局表示,如果员工在高温下工作时没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333进行投诉。
The city's Employment Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
市的就业资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温下工作时没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
The city's Labor Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市劳动资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温环境下工作,不享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
the city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温下工作时没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
If the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒绝支付高温补贴的,可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
to the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
对用人单位拒付高温补贴的,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
of the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒付高温补贴的,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
a the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒绝支付高温补贴,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
and the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒绝支付高温补贴的,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
the the employing unit refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
用人单位拒付高温补贴,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,所以这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
in the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,不是福利,所以该津贴应计入工资总额,并扣除税款。
to the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,不是福利的,所以该津贴应计入工资总额,并扣除税款。
of the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利的一部分,这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
the the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,不是福利,所以这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
and the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,不是福利,所以该津贴应计入工资总额,并扣除税款。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in money and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用货币发放,不得被饮料等实物替代。
of the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
在高温津贴不低于最低工资的情况下,必须以现金发放,不以饮料等实物取而代之。
to the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
高温津贴不得低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得被饮料等实物替代。
in the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
在高温津贴不低于最低工资的情况下,必须以现金发放,不以饮料等实物取而代之。
and the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
The newly built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新建乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The new built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新建的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The re built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
重建后的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The the built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The upcoming built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
即将建成的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The be built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于出口。
The layered 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
一层层1和2用于入口、候机室和办公室,用于商业用途,一层层1用于出口。
The layers 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于出口。
the layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层供入口、候机室和办公室使用,第1层供商业用途,第1层供出口。
in layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层供入口、候机室和办公室使用,第1层供商业用途,第1层供出口。
and layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层供入口、候机室和办公室使用,第1层供商业用途,第1层供出口。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路运输、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At current, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前,乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路运输、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At now, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At today, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At Present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前,乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At Currently, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路运输、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
of are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
其中,平台层南北两侧共有三间售票处,配有手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
in are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
共有三间售票处,分别位于月台北面和南面,配有手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
and are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
共有三间售票处,分别位于月台北面和南面,配有手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
the are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
共有三间售票处,分别位于月台北面和南面,配有手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
to are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
共有三间售票处,分别位于月台北面和南面,配有手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东面和西面共有三十条通道,旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
There is a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东侧和西侧共有30个通道,乘客可检查车票号码,以便快速检查和等候。
to are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
,在等候厅的东面和西面共设有30个通道。旅客可检查车票号码的车票,以便快速检查及等候。
and are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
,在等候厅的东面和西面共设有30个通道。旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
in are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
在等候厅的东面和西面共设有30个通道。旅客可检查车票号码上的车票,以便快速检查和等候。
of are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
,在等候厅的东面和西面共设有30个通道。旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
If you need help, you can choose the 41 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择41调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 44 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择44调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 43 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择43个调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 42 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择42个调用按钮和及时获得服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 27 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择27个调用按钮并获得及时的服务。
If you need help, you can choose the 45 call buttons and get timely services.
如果您需要帮助,您可以选择45个调用按钮并获得及时的服务。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
From August 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从8月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客车站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车站改为乌鲁木齐站。
From June 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从六月一日起,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,转往乌鲁木齐站。
of July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日起,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客车站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车站改为乌鲁木齐站。
in July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
7月1日以后,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客车站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车站被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
to July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
至7月1日,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客车站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车站,已改往乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In the words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
也就是说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In a words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
一句话,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In in words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换言之,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In and words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In of words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
简言之,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passenger can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, people can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,人们可以在这两个车站购买车票。火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟。旅客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
in, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
,旅客可在这两个车站购买车票。火车经过这两个车站约十分钟。旅客须注意车票上车站及终点站的详细名称。
of, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
,旅客可在这两个车站购买车票。火车经过这两个车站约十分钟。旅客须注意车票上车站及终点站的详细名称。
to, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
,旅客可在这两个车站购买车票。火车经过这两个车站约十分钟。旅客须注意车票上车站及终点站的详细名称。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi planned passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐规划的客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi metro passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐地铁客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its formal launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its actual launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站实际投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its full launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站全面投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
Gracia Is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性豆腐, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲国家,图坎·格拉西亚及其经历早已为人所知。
in Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲国家,图坎·格拉西亚及其故事早已为人所知。
and Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
以及哥斯达黎加,中美洲国家之一,图坎·格拉西亚及其历史的故事早已为人所熟知。
to Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
给哥斯达黎加、中美洲国家之一的图坎·格拉西亚及其故事早已为人所知。
the Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
作为中美洲国家之一的哥斯达黎加、图坎·格拉西亚及其历史故事早已为人们所熟知。
of Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
作为中美洲国家之一的哥斯达黎加,图坎·格拉西亚及其经历早已为人所知。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现并展示了它崭新的三维打印口。
in the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于露面,向人们展示了它崭新的3D打印塑料喙。
a the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于露面,向人们展示了它崭新的3D打印塑料喙。
to the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现了,并展示了它崭新的3D打印塑料喙。
of the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日记者招待会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现了,并展示了它崭新的三维印珠塑料喙。
and the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
以及8月10日的记者招待会,在术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现并展示了它崭新的3D打印塑料喙。
This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐的喙断裂了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This tucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这只嘴破了,一年半前就快要死去的土豆终于恢复了新生活。
This doucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个豆腐,它的喙断了,一年半前就快要死了,终于恢复了它的新生活。
This coucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这只嘴破了,一年半前就快要死去的公鸡终于恢复了新生活。
This caucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这棵山山,它的喙断裂了,一年半前就快要死了,终于恢复了新生活。
This soucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个苏干嘴断了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈品市场,与人类朋友见面。
This night not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
今夜不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈品餐厅,与人类朋友见面。
This Day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这个节日不仅宣告它已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈的家,与人类朋友见面。
This morning not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
今晨,不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈品餐厅,与人类朋友见面。
This time not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这次不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈品的行列,与人类朋友见面。
This it not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its moving into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它正步入奢侈品的行列,与人类朋友见面。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
the newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来了,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
to newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
刚开始对新来的Grecia有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼了,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
and newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来了,在盆中摇曳着,吃着葡萄和一颗新喙。
of newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The arrival Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
抵达的葡萄酒最初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼了,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
In order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to reminder people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remember people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了记住人们遭受的伤害,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
of order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
in order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
to order to remind people that it has suffered damage, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but to retain the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它遭受了损失,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留原白色的三维印刷材料。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
喙是角质鞘的薄层,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
the beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
of beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
喙是角质鞘的薄层,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
to beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,只有一些薄骨支撑。
in beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
嘴里是一层薄薄的角质鞘,里面是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
and beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bone to support.
嘴是一层薄薄的角质鞘,里面是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
尽管有这种内部的加固,但托坎的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
the this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
这个内部的加固,豆腐的喙是脆弱的,可能断裂时受伤。
of this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
在这种内部加固,豆腐的喙是脆弱的,可能断裂时受伤。
and this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
而这种内部加固,豆腐的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
to this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
对于这种内部加固,豆腐的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
in this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
在这种内部加固,豆腐的喙是脆弱的,可能断裂时受伤。
Animal rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal Rescue center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal conservation center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物保护中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal rescued center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救护中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal research center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物研究中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Animal Expedition center, ornithologist and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beak " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物探险中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数个“测试喙”,最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
Now Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
现在,格拉西亚已经能够用新嘴喝水,吃,甚至吃细粒子了。
and Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
葛拉西亚就能够用新嘴喝水,吃,甚至吃细粒子。
to Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
格拉西亚已经能够用新嘴喝水,吃,甚至啄细粒子。
of Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
格拉西亚已经能够用新嘴喝水,吃,甚至啄细粒子。
the Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
格拉西亚已经能够用新的嘴喝水,吃,甚至啄细粒子。
in Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water, eat, and even peck fine grains.
在格拉西亚,可以使用新嘴喝水,吃,甚至啄细粒子。
" The design of the finished product costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of a finished product costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product costs about two months and it just costs 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计大约要花两个月的时间,而打印它只需要4-5小时。
" 3D printing is not the future technology but really enters into your life. " Thomas Lange, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
美国SG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正进入你的生活。”
" 3D print is not the future technology but really enters into your life. " Thomas Lange, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
美国SG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正进入你的生活。”
" 3D printed is not the future technology but really enters into your life. " Thomas Lange, the chairman of US SG3D printing company said in an interview with Xinhua International.
美国SG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正进入你的生活。”
In January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
in January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
of January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
于2015年1月在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
a January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
a 2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现Gracia,身上有血迹。
the January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
to January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
至2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现Gracia,身上有血迹。
At that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
the that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它的嘴被一群年轻人狠狠地打断了,完全不能吃,不能死。
in that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
在那个时候,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
of that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
在那个时候,它的喙被一群年轻人狠狠地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
and that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃,不能死。
to that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
直到那时,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
of the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道的格拉西亚悲剧中,在哥斯达黎加国内外出现了一种动物抗虐的呼声。
to the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道的格拉西亚悲剧中,在哥斯达黎加国内外出现了一种动物抗虐的呼声。
the the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
媒体报道了格拉西亚的悲剧,在哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐的呼声。
in the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道的格拉西亚悲剧中,在哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐呼声。
and the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there are a tide of animal anti-abuse call occurring inside and outside Costa Rica.
媒体报道了格拉西亚的悲剧,在哥斯达黎加国内外出现了动物抗虐的呼声。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to strengthen the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to improve the punishment against abusers.
人们要求建立更严格的动物保护法,以改善对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to increase the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,加大对施虐者的处罚力度。
People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
人们自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,以免受伤。
People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia recover its life before hurting.
人们自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生活,以免受伤。
People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia regain its life before hurting.
人们自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生活,以免受伤。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
即使是3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了Gracia喙的设计。
the the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
3D打印技术的发明者恰克·赫尔也参与了Gracia喙的设计。
and the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
3D打印技术的发明者恰克·赫尔(Chuck Hull)也参与了Gracia喙的设计。
in the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
在三维打印技术的发明者,恰克·赫尔,也参与了格拉西亚喙的设计。
of the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
3D打印技术的发明者查克·赫尔也参与了Gracia喙的设计。
to the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
给三维打印技术的发明者查克·赫尔,也参与了格拉西亚喙的设计。
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它剩下的部分喙不到1厘米,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" It situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
格拉西亚岛的情况非常特殊,它的嘴的其余部分不到1厘米,所以安装新嘴有很多困难。
" the situation of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它剩下的部分喙不到1厘米,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The condition of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它的嘴部残留不到1厘米,所以安装新嘴有很多困难。”
" The problem of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的问题非常特殊,它剩下的部分喙不到1厘米,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The case of Gracia is very special, and its remaining part of the beak is less than 1 centimeter, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它的嘴部其余部分不到1厘米,所以安装新嘴有很多困难。”
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶固在喙上。
" I first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue. "
我首先扫描了Gracia,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶固在喙上。
" We first screened Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue. "
我们首先筛选格拉西亚,然后设计和生产一个延伸假体比其喙的其余部分稍长,并用胶固在喙上。
" We first searched Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue. "
我们首先搜索格拉西亚,然后设计并生产出一个延伸假体比其喙的其余部分稍长,并用胶固在喙上。
" We first examined Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue. "
我们首先检查了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶固在喙上。
" We first checked Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis slightly longer than the rest of its beak and fixed on its beak with glue. "
我们首先检查了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸假体,比其喙的其余部分稍长一点,并用胶固在喙上。
" This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社国际表示, “ 这可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险. ”
" It can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社国际表示,“它可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" That can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社国际表示, “ 这样可以减少格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险. ”
" These can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格告诉新华社国际,这些可以减少对Gracia的进一步侵扰性损害的风险。
" There can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社国际表示,“这可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" We can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told Xinhua International.
兰格对新华社表示,“我们可以减少对格拉西亚的进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清扫格拉西亚断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
to installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
为了安装假体,工作人员每天清扫Gracia断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
in installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体时,工作人员每天清扫Gracia断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
the installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体后,工作人员每天清扫Gracia断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
of installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体后,工作人员每天清扫Gracia断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
and installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体后,工作人员每天清扫Gracia断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman。
the of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在数英里之外,图坎格拉夏的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演保拉·莱迪亚和新闻频道制作人约翰·霍夫曼。
and of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在数英里之外,图坎·格拉西亚的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演葆拉·莱迪亚和新闻频道制作人约翰·霍夫曼。
to of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在数英里之外,图坎格拉西亚的故事触及了著名的纪录片导演保拉·莱迪亚和新闻频道制片人约翰·霍夫曼。
of of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在数英里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和新闻频道制片人John Hoffman。
Thousands thousand miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,图坎格拉西亚的故事触及了著名的纪录片导演保拉·埃尔·雷迪亚和新闻频道制作人约翰·霍夫曼。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新喙的过程,记录了本月在动物星球频道播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They filmed a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们拍摄了一些新喙的安装过程,并录制了一部纪录片《土坎之乡》,这部纪录片本月在动物星球频道上播放。
They taped a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们把安装新喙的过程录下来,并录制了本月在动物星球频道播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a bit bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新喙的过程,记录了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little piece of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新喙的过程,记录了本月在动物星球频道上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
the recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
记录了安装新喙的过程,记录了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
the documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
a documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
一部纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
and documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
和纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
to documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
以纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击动物的酷刑。
in documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against torture of animals.
在纪录片《图坎州》中,人们看到一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
a Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
提示:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
and Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
小贴士:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
the Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
小贴士:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
of Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
小贴士:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
to Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
小贴士:日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
August 12 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 13 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 11 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 10 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 7 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
August 6 report on Cankaoxiaoxi website : Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. "
日本最大的石油企业JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是导致市场下滑的原因之一”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
日本石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
the oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
of oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
对中国石油公司的兴起,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”表示警觉。
and oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
石油公司对中国石油公司的兴起表示警觉,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
in oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
对中国石油公司的兴起,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”表示警觉。
to oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of Chinese oil companies, especially known as the " teapot " of China's small independent refinery.
对石油公司表示,对中国石油公司兴起保持警惕,特别是中国小型独立炼油厂的“茶壶”。
China's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
中国的石油产品逐渐接近日本的石油产品,因为中国政府加强了对环境保护的监管。
to's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
由于中国政府加强了环境保护规定,石油产品逐渐接近日本的石油产品。
of's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
由于中国政府加强了环境保护规定,石油产品逐渐接近日本的石油产品。
and's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
由于中国政府加强了环境保护规定,石油产品逐渐接近日本的石油产品。
the's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
由于中国政府加强了环境保护规定,石油产品逐渐接近日本的石油产品。
in's oil products are gradually close to Japan's oil products because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
由于中国政府加强了环境保护规定,石油产品逐渐接近日本的石油产品。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
in obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
“茶壶炼油厂”在获得原油进口许可证时,一般从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
to obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
“茶壶炼油厂”一般从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
the obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
获得原油进口许可证,“茶壶炼油厂”一般从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
of obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
“茶壶炼油厂”一般从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
and obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refinery " generally refines oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
“茶壶炼油厂”一般从含硫量高且从俄罗斯进口的重油中提炼石油,并获得原油进口许可证。
The petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高,质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
the petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高,质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
of petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高,质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
and petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高而质量较差,成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
to petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于硫含量高而质量差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
a petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content and become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
一种石油产品由于硫含量高而质量差,成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”在获得原油进口许可证后,可以进口低含硫量和改进石油产品的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
to obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”可获得进口原油许可证,可以进口含硫量低、石油产品改善的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
in obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”在取得原油进口许可证时,可以进口含硫量低、石油产品改善的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
of obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
获得原油进口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"可以进口含硫量低、石油产品改善的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
and obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
“茶壶炼油厂”可以进口含硫量低、石油产品改善的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,并获得原油进口许可证。
the obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refinery " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur content and improved petroleum products.
获得原油进口许可证,“茶壶炼油厂”可以进口低硫、改进石油产品的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油。
East Fuel General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
东油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East Oil General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
东方石油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East First General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
东一油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East One General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
东方一油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East of General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
东方石油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
East with General Oil Company said, " With China's domestic oil product quality standards continuing to improve, the refining capacity of the equipment also increased.
东方石油总公司表示,随着中国国内石油产品质量标准的不断提高,设备的精炼能力也不断提高。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
因此,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本 ( 世界最高品质 ) 相媲美.
to a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
结果,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本(世界最高质量)相媲美。
of a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
结果,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本(世界最高质量)相媲美。
the a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
结果,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本(世界最高质量)相媲美。
and a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
结果,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本(世界最高质量)相媲美。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually rivalled that from Japan ( the world's highest quality ).
因此,中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐与日本 ( 世界最高品质 ) 相媲美.
According to JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据JX能源公司介绍,2015年底以后,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According by JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据日产能源公司介绍,2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According from JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
据日产能源公司介绍,2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
According per JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
根据《日产新能源》,2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质石油,这些轻质石油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
of to JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
在2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质石油,这些轻质石油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
to to JX Energy, " After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia. " Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
致JX能源“2015年底,中国开始向澳洲出口优质轻质油”,这类轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
the the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
日本的“优质石油”陷入了危机,日本的石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
and the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
而“日产高质油”陷入了危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“向有利可图的地区出口的同时关注市场”的策略。
of the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
在“日本高品质石油”陷入危机后,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
to the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
在“日本高品质石油”陷入危机之际,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的策略。
in the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
在“日本高品质石油”陷入危机中,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
As China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
由于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有巨大影响,茶壶炼油业受到更多关注。
to China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
对于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有着巨大影响,茶壶炼油厂受到更多关注。
of China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有巨大影响,茶壶炼油业受到更多关注。
in China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
在中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有着巨大影响,茶壶炼油业受到更多关注。
and China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有巨大影响,茶壶炼油业受到更多关注。
the China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refinery got more attentions.
中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场影响巨大,茶壶炼油厂受到更多关注。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日开始,长江晚报对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Diqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日开始的《长江晚报》对学生的支持行动,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Minqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日,明泉《长江晚报》对学生的支持行动启动,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Linqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日,《长江晚报》对学生的阳光支持行动启动,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Xiqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日,西贡阳光晚报对学生的支援行动启动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Qiqun sunshine student support action of Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日,《长江晚报》启动“齐群阳光”学生支持行动,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
During the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During The educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During this educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
在这次教育活动中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During a educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
During the education process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
of the educational process, more than 1. 2 million yuan of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 young students achieve their college dream.
在教育过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名青年学生实现大学的梦想。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At now, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报纸呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有孩子的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At date, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
迄今,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At past, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
过去,捐款仍在继续,该报纸呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有孩子的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At meantime, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
同时,捐款还在继续,该报纸呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At then, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
那时,捐款还在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有孩子的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
In order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章公布学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者的督导。
In the to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章刊登了学生的基本情况,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者的督导。
in order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章公布学生的基本情况。首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者监督。
of order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,今日XX报公布学生的基本情况。首100名学员的名单今日公布,接受读者监督。
to order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,本报今日公布学生的基本情况。首100名学员的名单今日公布,接受读者监督。
and order to ensure that the student action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生行动公正、公开、透明,本报今日公布学生的基本情况。首100名学员的名单今日公布,接受读者监督。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The content of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金的内容包括高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩和家庭贫困。
The extent of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
资助范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合资助条件的学生应具备优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The focus of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金的重点包括高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具备优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The coverage of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金涵盖大学入学新生,但不包括免缴学费的专业,符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩和家庭贫困。
the scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具备优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the statistics bureau, a population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the statistics bureau, it population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the statistics bureau, that population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According to the Statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
According by the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ).
据国家统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")曾超过2%。
As of June this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of July this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年7月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of May this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年5月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69,100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of March this year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年3月,新西兰12个月内移民净流入量为69,100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of June that year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至该年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
As of June the year, New Zealand's net inflow of immigrants within 12 months was 69, 100, making it the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月,新西兰在12个月内移民净流入量为69 100人,使其成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
此外,在同一时期,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In total, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
在同一时期,新西兰的人口总共增加了28 200人。
In which, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
在同一时期,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In and, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
在同一时期,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In a, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
在同一时期,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
In that, in the same period, New Zealand's population increased by 28, 200.
在同一时期,新西兰的人口增加了28 200人。
Data shows that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with natural population growth of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,在过去十年中,新西兰平均每年移民净流入人数为21 800人,自然人口增长32 300人。
Data indicates that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with natural population growth of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,在过去十年中,新西兰平均每年移民净流入人数为21 800人,自然人口增长32 300人。
Data showed that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with natural population growth of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,在过去十年中,新西兰平均每年移民净流入人数为21 800人,自然人口增长32 300人。
Data show that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with natural population growth of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,在过去十年中,新西兰平均每年移民净流入人数为21 800人,自然人口增长32 300人。
Data reports that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with natural population growth of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,在过去十年中,新西兰平均每年移民净流入人数为21 800人,自然人口增长32 300人。
Data estimates that in the last 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with natural population growth of 32, 300 people.
据 数据 估计, 在 过去 10年 中, 新西兰 的 移民 年 平均 净 流入量 为 21 800 人, 自然 人口 增加 了 32 300 人 。
From the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
From a population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
From The population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
in the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
to the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
of the population structure point of view, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的观点来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As at June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As as June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As in June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As on June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As per June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为3. 6%, 达到70万.
in the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时,65岁以上人口增长率也达到3.6%,达到70万人。
to the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时,65岁以上人口增长率也达到3.6%,达到70万人。
of the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时,65岁以上人口增长率也达到3.6%,达到70万人。
the the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时,65岁以上人口增长率也达到3.6%,达到70万人。
and the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时,65岁以上人口增长率也达到3.6%,达到70万人。
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午10时,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At 11 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午11时,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At 9 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午9点,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At 8 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天早上8点,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
of 10 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
从昨天上午10点起,X9003国际货运航班从西安新竹火车站出发,开往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
in 10 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bound for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午10点,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
The successful launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车的成功开通标志着,自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
The successfully launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车的成功开通标志着自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
The total launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车总开动标志着自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了10000辆列车。
The completed launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车的开通标志着自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了10000辆列车。
The debut launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
该列火车首次开通,标志着自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
The launch launch of this train marked that Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights.
这次火车的开航标志着,自中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
It is understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
据了解,这列货运列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和总共206种品种。
It are understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
据了解,这列货运列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和总共206种品种。
It am understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
据了解,这列货运列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和总共206种品种。
It was understood that the goods category of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
据了解,这列货运列车的货物类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和总共206种品种。
It is understood that the goods category of that freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
据了解,该列列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和总共206种品种。
It is understood that the goods category of the freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, and 206 varieties in total.
据了解,列车的货品类别包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品和206种品种。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物338 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As on August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009架次,运输货物338 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As to August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物338 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 12 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月12日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物338 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 10 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月10日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009辆,运输货物338 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 9 this year, the Xinzhu station opened a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月9日,新竹站共开通货运列车221次,车辆10 009架次,运输货物338 000吨,其中货运列车84次于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
It is understood that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据了解,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外国货源。
It is known that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
众所周知,中亚货运列车的首次货物运输是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量的外国货源。
It is recognized that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
中亚货运列车的首期货物运输是“陕西制造”,现已吸引了大量外资。
It is believed that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据信,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外资。
It is seen that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
中亚货运列车的首期货物运输是“陕西制造”,吸引了大量外国客源。
It is accepted that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现已吸引了大批外国货源。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量达到64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
to of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量达到64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
of of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货量达到64000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
the of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货量达到64000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
and of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
至7月底,中亚货运列车收货量达到64000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
a of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
a 截止7月底,中亚货运列车接收的集装箱数量达到64 000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station under Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局西竹站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of a operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of an operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of in operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of and operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚铁路客运列车数量的增加和运营,西安铁路局新竹火车站的客运量逐年增加。
In 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
到2015年,新竹火车站全年货运量达到247.7万吨,到2016年8月10日,货运量达到15.31万吨,比上年同期增长6.7%。
In 2015, the cargo throughput at the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
到2015年,新竹火车站全年货物吞吐量达到247.7万吨,到2016年8月10日,货物总量达到15.31万吨,比上年同期增长6.7%。
In 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the entire year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
到2015年,新竹火车站全年货运量达到247.7万吨,到2016年8月10日,货运量达到15.31万吨,比上年同期增长6.7%。
In 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the year year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
到2015年,新竹火车站全年货运量达到247.7万吨,到2016年8月10日,货运量达到15.31万吨,比上年同期增长6.7%。
in 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
到2015年,新竹火车站全年货物吞吐量达到247.7万吨,到2016年8月10日,货物总量达到15.31万吨,比上年同期增长6.7%。
of 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
截至二零零五年五月十日,新竹火车站全年货物吞吐量达247.7亿吨。截至二零零六年八月十日,货物吞吐量达15.31亿吨,较去年同期增长6.7%。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In the to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新一体化物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In a to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In of to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足未来发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In to to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
In and to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an New Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a modern new railway integrated logistics park.
针对今后发展的需要,引入了西安新综合物流中心建设规划,以西安新竹铁路站为工作重点,努力建设现代化的铁路综合物流园区。
A mid-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 million award in the same airport last week.
上周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A middle-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 million award in the same airport last week.
上周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A young-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 million award in the same airport last week.
印度一名年轻人上周在迪拜国际机场遭遇了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A medium-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 million award in the same airport last week.
上周,印度一位中年男子在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A retired-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 million award in the same airport last week.
上周,一位印度退休男子在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A elderly-aged man in India last week experienced airplane belly landing shock at Dubai International Airport. He won US $ 1 million award in the same airport last week.
上周,一位印度老人在迪拜国际机场遭受了飞机腹部降落的冲击,上周他在同一机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
默罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔(Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar)长期住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜,他习惯于每次回来都买彩票。
the Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔(Bashir Abdul Hedar)长期住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜,他习惯于每次回来都买彩票。
and Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
Bashir Abdul Hedar长期住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜,他有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
of Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
长期居住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
in Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
长期住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
to Bashir Abdul Hedar, who long lives in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
长期住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
" After escaping from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
海达说,“逃离了坠机,上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事。”
" After escape from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“逃离了坠机,是上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事,”海达尔说。
" After surviving from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“幸免于难,是上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事。”海达尔说。
" After saving from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“从坠机中救了下来,是上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事。”海达尔说。
" After escaped from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
“从坠机中逃脱后,上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事,”海达尔说。
" after escaping from the crash, it is god who gave me the second life and then lent me the money to let me do the good ", said Hedar.
海达说,“逃离了坠机,上帝给了我第二个生命,然后借钱让我做好事。”
Although now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
the now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
现在是秋天的开始,“过热”的力量似乎一点也不比夏天弱。
in now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
现在是秋天的开始,“过热”的力量似乎一点也不比夏天弱。
and now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
而现在又是秋天的开始,“过热”的力量似乎一点也不比夏天弱。
of now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
现在秋天才开始,“过热”的力量似乎一点也不比夏天弱。
to now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " seems not to be weaker at all than that in the summer.
到现在秋天才开始,“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以UVB为对象。一般SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
Sun foil is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
太阳箔通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,针对紫外线。一般SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
Sun Block is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
太阳块通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,针对紫外线。一般SPF指数包括15,30,50等。
Sun filter is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
太阳滤波器通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以紫外线为对象。一般SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
Sun block is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
太阳块通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,针对紫外线。一般SPF指数包括15,30,50等。
Sunblock is typically marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF index includes 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,针对UVB。一般SPF指数包括15,30,50等。
The product marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product labelled with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
贴有PA标签的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product labeled with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
贴有PA标签的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常PA的强度用+表示。一个额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product indicated with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
与PA表示的产品是UVA,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常,PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The products marked with PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品是UVA的,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked by PA is for UVA, so that sunblock will play a more effective role. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
PA标记的产品为UVA,因此防晒霜的作用会更加有效。通常PA的强度用+表示。额外的+表示有效保护时间的延长。
Water-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透性强的水性防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
to-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透性强的对基防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒霜喷涂也是很好的选择。
and-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
具有强渗透性的防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
of-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
具有强渗透性的防晒霜常用于油性皮肤,防晒霜喷涂也是很好的选择。
the-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
具有强渗透性的底部防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
in-based sunblock with a strong penetration is often applied to oily skin. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
渗透性强的内基防晒霜常适用于油性皮肤,防晒剂也是很好的选择。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤经常使用防晒霜。中立的皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒产品。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied on dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
在干燥的皮肤上经常涂上防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒霜产品。
Creamy sunscreen is often applied for dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
干燥皮肤通常使用防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规定。任何种类的护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然防晒产品。
Creamy sunscreen is frequently applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
干燥皮肤经常使用防晒霜,中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规定,任何护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担,因此建议选择纯净的物理防晒产品。
Creamy sunscreen is commonly applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
干燥皮肤通常使用防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒霜产品。
Creamy sunscreen is sometimes applied to dry skin. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
干燥的皮肤有时会涂上防晒霜。中立的皮肤通常没有严格的分类规则。任何种类的护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒产品。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
记住提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
a to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
a 提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全渗入皮肤。
to to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
and to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
并提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
the to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
of to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to completely penetrate into the skin.
使用防晒霜提前半小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全穿透皮肤。
Because you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
由于你在军事训练中长时间暴露在太阳下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续这样做。
the you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续做下去。
to you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续做下去。
and you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
在军事训练中,你长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒霜来延长效果,所以继续做下去。
of you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续做下去。
in you are exposed to sun longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect. So keep doing it.
在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,所以继续做下去。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
由于皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,所以不要在经过训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
the the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
皮肤刚被太阳的缘故所刺激,不要在经过训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
in the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,不要在经过训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
and the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
皮肤刚被太阳的缘故所刺激,不要在经过训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
of the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
皮肤刚被太阳的缘故所刺激,不要在经过训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
to the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
刚刚被太阳的缘故刺激了皮肤,不要在经过军事训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,并在条件允许时减轻局部热量。
After exposure beneath the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日之下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,如情况许可,则减轻局部热量。
After exposure in the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
在烈日照射很长时间后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,并在条件允许时减轻局部热量。
of exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,如情况许可,则减轻局部热量。
in exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在炽热的阳光下,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,如情况许可,则减轻局部热量。
and exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
并长时间暴露在烈日下,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,如情况许可,则减轻局部热量。
The cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得高达40%的农业补贴。
the cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将保留,农民可获得高达40%的农业补贴。
and cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
在展览会期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得高达40%的农业补贴。
in cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
在累积补贴政策中,在展览期间购买农业机械仍可保留,农民可获得高达40%的农业补贴。
of cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
在展览会期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得高达40%的农业补贴。
to cumulative subsidy policy will be remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition and farmers can get agricultural subsidies of up to 40 %.
在展览会期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可获得高达40%的农业补贴。
This trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资和展览,特别是加强了对各国和与"带子和道路倡议"相关的目标市场国家的邀请。
the trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
贸易展览吸引了世界各地的投资及展览,尤其加强了邀请各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
of trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
贸易展览会吸引全球投资及展出,尤其吸引各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
to trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
,藉此吸引世界各地的投资及展览,特别是邀请各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
and trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
及贸易展览吸引全球投资及展出,尤其加强了邀请各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
in trade show attracts investment and exhibition worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
在贸易展览会中吸引投资,吸引世界各地的展览,特别是邀请各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额32亿元。
This exposition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
此次博览会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进220亿元资金,签署了160多份贸易合同,总金额32亿元。
This Exposition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本博览会致力于完成60个投资签约项目,引进220亿元资金,签订160多个贸易合同,总金额32亿元。
This fair strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本届展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进220亿元资金,签订160多个贸易合同,总金额32亿元。
This Expo strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
这次博览会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进220亿元资金,签订160多个贸易合同,总金额32亿元。
This festival strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
这个节日力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进220亿元资金,签订160多个贸易合同,总金额32亿元。
It is reported that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,连续七年在卢迪举行湖南博览会,是湖南卢迪制造业的坚实基础,湖南卢迪有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It is quoted that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
湖南省卢迪市连续七年举行湖南博览会,是湖南省卢迪市制造业的坚实基础,湖南省卢迪市有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It the reported that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
湖南省卢迪市连续七年举行“湖南博览会”,是湖南省卢迪市制造业建设的坚实基础,湖南省卢迪市有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It was reported that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,连续七年在卢迪举行“湖南博览会”的理由是湖南的卢迪制造业的强大基础,那里有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It has reported that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
报道称,湖南“湖南博览会”连续七年在卢迪落成,是湖南省卢迪制造业的坚实基础,湖南省卢迪有着悠久的工业发展历史。
the is reported that the reason for " Hunan Fair " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,湖南“湖南博览会”连续七年在卢迪落成,是湖南省卢迪制造业的坚实基础,湖南省卢迪有着悠久的工业发展历史。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与世界90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
and the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
以及“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
the the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
卢迪作为湖南博览会的主办地,与全世界90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
of the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
在“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全世界90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
to the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
卢迪以“湖南博览会”为东道主,与全世界90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As a host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
" Hunan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地地方培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan Exhibition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地地方培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan Expo " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan exhibition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南展览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan Convention " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
《湖南公约》已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“退出”的重要平台。
During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在某些夜晚,离子化层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
in some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在某些夜晚,电离层中充斥着自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
of some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在某些夜晚,电离层中充斥着自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
and some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
有些夜晚,电离层中充斥着自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
the some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
有些夜晚,电离层中充斥着自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
During some evenings, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go further.
在有些晚上,电离层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
According to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
根据美国月度网站《大众科学》(Population Science)的报道,8月11日,美国空军有意复制这一效果。
of to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
根据美国月刊《通俗科学》的报道,美国空军于8月11日对复制这一效果感兴趣。
the to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
在8月11日美国月度网站《大众科学》的报道中,美国空军有兴趣复制这一效果。
in to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
在8月11日美国月度网站《大众科学》的报道中,美国空军有兴趣复制这一效果。
to to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
至美国月度网站《大众科学》8月11日的报道,美国空军有兴趣复制这一效果。
and to the report of Popular Science, an American monthly website, on August 11, the US Air Force was interested in copying this effect.
根据美国月刊《大众科学》8月11日的报道,美国空军有兴趣复制这一效果。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the neutral ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的中性电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the coherent ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的相干电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的收音机,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the weak ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的弱电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的收音机,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the strong ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的强电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的收音机,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Although the strongly ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, but this may not be the interest of the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的强电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的收音机,但这或许不是美国空军的兴趣所在。
Ionization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充斥电子的离子化层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 的信号从太阳风暴中消失。
Ion radiation layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
离子辐射层中充满了电子,表明军用无线电的广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 的信号从太阳风暴中消失。
Ion field layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
离子场层中充满了电子,表明军用无线电的广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 的信号从太阳风暴中消失。
Ion Field layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
离子场层中充满了电子,表明军用无线电的广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 的信号从太阳风暴中消失。
Ion Resistance layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充满电子的离子抵抗层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
Ion Ring layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
离子环层充满了电子,表明军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 的信号从太阳风暴中消失。
The final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
the final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时它们可以增强电离层。
of final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可按要求建造一系列立方卫星,必要时可增强电离层。
to final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可按要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可增强电离层。
and final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时还可以增强离子层。
in final goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
the firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
in firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
and firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
of firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
to firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry figures showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
行业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry results showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
工业结果表明,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry projections showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
行业预测表明,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
to data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达18亿吨。
and data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
in the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
the the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
of the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
and the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
to the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Although the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
虽然前四次通知并不直接涉及煤炭工业,但目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
the the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
前四项通知与煤炭工业没有直接关系,目标产业与煤炭工业有直接关系。
and the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
前四项通知与煤炭工业没有直接关系,目标产业与煤炭工业有直接关系。
of the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
前四次通知与煤炭工业没有直接关系,目标产业与煤炭工业有直接关系。
in the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
在前四次通知中,未直接涉及煤炭工业,目标产业与煤炭工业直接相关。
to the first four notices are not directly involved with coal industry, the target industry is directly related with coal industry.
对头四个通知不直接涉及煤炭工业,目标产业与煤炭工业直接相关。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格维持在每吨370元,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From this November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从今年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格维持在每吨370元,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From in November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格仍维持在每吨370元,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From past November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格维持在每吨370元,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
the last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在370元/吨之间,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
of last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5500 kcal steam coal lingers at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into a loss.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格仍维持在每吨370元,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
And since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步上涨,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨近70元。
And from February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
2月份以来煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨近70元。
And after February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
二月以后,煤炭价格逐渐回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨四周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨70元。
And in February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
今年2月煤炭价格逐渐上涨,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨70元。
And post February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
二月过后,煤炭价格逐渐回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨四周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨70元。
And Since February, coal prices gradually picked up, Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, rose to 16 months high, once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton over the beginning.
二月以来煤炭价格逐渐上涨,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,涨至16个月高位,一度攀升至每吨436元,开始涨至每吨近70元。
With the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
随着物价的上涨,各种行业的担忧也随之而来:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
a the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
物价上涨,引起各行各业的担忧:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
the the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
物价上涨,引起各行各业的担忧:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
in the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
在物价上涨中,要引起各行业的担忧:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
to the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
面对物价上涨,走过各种行业的顾虑:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
of the price rising, come along the concerns of various industries : will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
物价上涨,引起各行各业的担忧:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
In this regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In that regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In the regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In a regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In I regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In to regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
对此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
Kuang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
煤炭行业产能过剩的裁员引发了各行业的高度关注。今日公布的煤炭行业产能过剩的成绩单令人人都感到担忧。
andang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
杨县明:产能过剩引起了各行业的高度关注。今日公布的煤炭行业产能过剩的成绩单令大家十分担忧。
theang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
黄县明:产能过剩引起了各行业的高度关注。今日公布的煤炭行业产能过剩的成绩单令大家十分担忧。
ofang Xianming : overcapacity cut roused the high concerns to various industries. The report card of the overcapacity cut of the coal industry announced today make everyone feel worried indeed.
产能过剩引起了各行各业的高度关注。今日宣布的煤炭业产能过剩的成绩单令大家十分担忧。
These three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这三个表面因素反映了我国增长模式相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These four superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这四个表面因素反映了相对滞后于我们增长模式变化的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These two superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这两个表面因素反映了相对滞后于我们增长模式变化的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These following superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
以下这些表面因素反映了相对滞后于我们增长模式变化的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These these superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这些表面因素反映了我国增长模式相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These three peripheral factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这三个外围因素反映了我国增长模式相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
Second, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,它也与地方政府的力量直接相关,在产能过剩的过程中,资金和相应的支持措施应该到位,从这一点来看,不同地区的差别确实很大。
Second, it is also directly related to the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,与地方政府的力量也直接相关,在产能过剩的过程中,资金和相应的配套措施应该到位,从这一点来看,不同地区的差别确实较大。
and, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
,亦与地方政府的力量有直接关系。在能力过剩的裁员过程中,应设立基金及相应的支援措施。从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别的确比较大。
the, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
,亦与地方政府的力量有直接关系。在裁员能力过剩的过程中,应设立基金及相应的支援措施。从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别的确较大。
to, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
,亦与地方政府的力量有直接关系。在裁员能力过剩的过程中,应设立基金及相应的支援措施。从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别的确较大。
in, it is also directly related with the force of local government. During the overcapacity cut process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be in place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
,亦与地方政府的力量有直接关系。在裁员能力过剩的过程中,应设立基金及相应的支援措施。从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别的确比较大。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek increases in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求进展增加,可能面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek increase in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求进展增加,可能面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek delay in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求进展推迟,可能面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek slowing in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求进展减缓,可能面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek advance in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求进展,可能面临更大的风险。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以促进生产能力进程,可能会产生消极影响。
a this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
如此一来,依靠中央津贴筹集资金以促进生产能力过程,可能会产生消极影响。
the this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金以促进生产能力进程,可能会产生消极影响。
of this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以促进生产能力进程,可能会产生消极影响。
and this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
而这种情况,依靠中央津贴筹集资金以促进生产能力过程,可能具有负面影响。
in this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of production capacity may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金以促进生产能力进程,可能会产生消极影响。
First, the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.
首先, 产能过剩不是简单的上限控制.
First, the overcapacity cut is not a straightforward cap control.
首先, 产能过剩不是直截了当的上限控制.
First, a overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.
首先, 产能过剩不是简单的上限控制.
First, an overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control.
首先, 产能过剩不是简单的上限控制.
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新格局。
of goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
目标是消除落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭行业的新格局。
to goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
目标是消除落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭行业的新格局。
the goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
目的是消除落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭行业的新格局。
in goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
目的是消除落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭行业的新格局。
and goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
其目标是消除落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭行业的新格局。
During the process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
During a process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
During to process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
During an process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
During of process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
During and process of overcapacity cut deploying, the local government must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的开发过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相应的服务产业。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年产能过剩的裁员任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
the, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
为了在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
and, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
并且,为了在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
of, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
为了在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
to, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
为了在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity cut task within this year, we must give fully play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Finally, we should strengthen the role of social security.
最后,加强社会保障的作用。
to, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
the, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
of, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
and, we should strengthen the role of social security.
加强社会保障的作用。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
Because the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to enhance the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
and the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
市场与就业问题直接相关,必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
the the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
to the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
与市场直接相关的就业问题,必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
of the market is directly related to the employment problem, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
在市场中与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected will worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth was expected to worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for a ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen over the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西GDP增长会在中期恶化。
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
in 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
to 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
截至2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
and 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
of 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
截至2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
the 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The Global Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的全球投资吸引力指数包括四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The International Capital Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际资本吸引力指数包括四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The International Entry Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际入门吸引力指数包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
the International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷银行的国际投资吸引力指数包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
to International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse Bank includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
至瑞士信贷银行国际投资吸引力指数,包括四项分指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
in 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
截至2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
to 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
至2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
and 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
of 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
截至2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
the 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last 2017, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
2017年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last 2012, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last 2008, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last 2011, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last 2018, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
2018年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" It are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 这是巴西的288个'绿色土地投资'项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" The are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西共有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" A are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" Green are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 绿色是巴西288个'绿色土地投资'项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" the are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西共有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, by the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,到2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
and, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
of, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
其中,巴西2016年上半年的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,比去年同期增长近10%。
to, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
至2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,比去年同期增长近10%。
the, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
Title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击了市区的准备工作
Title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : homemade bombing attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击了市区
Title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : home made bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:在接近尾声时,加拿大警方在市区的准备工作中制造了炸弹袭击
Title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : inmade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的在城区准备的自制炸弹袭击
Title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : amade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的在城区策划的炸弹袭击
Title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : themade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end
标题:加拿大警方杀害了IS的支持者:近乎尾声的炸弹袭击了市区的准备工作
Canadian police said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人向美国联邦调查局(FBI)发送的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
Canadian police stated at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上表示,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
Canadian police confirmed at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上证实,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
Canadian authorities said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大当局星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
Canadian Police said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
Canadian the said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will launch strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”,根据录像,这名年轻人将发动罢工。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in a video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在一段录像中,一名戴着黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According of the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
德国人的声音说,在录像中,一个戴着黑色巴拉卡勒帽的男人正在读《可兰经》,提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According by the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
德国 人 的 声音 说, 在 录 象 中, 一 个 戴 着 黑色 巴拉卡拉 帽子 的 人 正在 读 《 可兰经 》, 其中 提到 对 穆斯林 的 罪行, 他 誓言 更早 地 攻击 一 个 加拿大 城市 。
According from the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
德国人的声音说,在录像中,一个戴着黑色巴拉卡勒帽的男人正在读《可兰经》,提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According on the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
根据德国人的声音,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 minutes, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72分钟内发生,在高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 48 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在48小时内和高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 24 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在24小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 12 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在12小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
and said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
在录像中说,攻击将在72小时内和高峰期发生。
The incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident was the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
the incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
to incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
在加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害了恐怖嫌疑人。
in incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
and incident is the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the incident after Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这是加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台后,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
北京杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将自九月一日起征收通行费。
The-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将从九月一日起征收通行费。
to-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
至杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将自九月一日起征收通行费。
of-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
杭州大运河分水渠老万福河和北达留自九月一日起收费。
and-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
杭州大运河支道老万福河和北达鲁自九月一日起将征收通行费。
the-Hangzhou Grand Canal branch channels Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu will charge tolls since September 1.
杭州大运河支道老万福河和贝达利乌将从九月一日起征收通行费。
The two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
the two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
to two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
由两间支流经社会资助进行建筑工程。有关收费已由有关省级政府部门批准。
of two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用经省级有关部门批准。
and two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
in two tributaries will conduct construction via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
两个支流将通过社会融资进行建设,费用经省级有关部门批准。
The old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
万福河古河水流经金香、玉泰,又经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The old Wenfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
文府河的老河道经金香、玉泰,又经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The old Yingfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
英浮河的老河道经金香、玉泰流经南阳湖,进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The Old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
万福河古河水流经金香、玉泰,又经南阳湖流入京杭大运河主航道,总航程为32.5公里。
The original Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
最初的万福河水流经金香、玉泰,然后经南阳湖流入京杭大运河主航道,总航程为32.5公里。
The former Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
前万福河的航道经金香、玉泰,然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长度为32.5公里。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处进行弯曲,从而改善航行条件。
According for the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需求,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处进行曲线截断,从而改善航向条件。
According meeting the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
为了满足航向需求,万福河旧航道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处进行弯曲,从而改善航向条件。
of to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
针对航行需求,万福河旧航道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处曲线截断,从而改善航道的航行条件。
the to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
万福河老河道的航向需要采用养护和变换的方式,疏浚在局部深度进行,在局部弯曲处曲线截断,从而改善航向条件。
and to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on the local depth and curve cut-off on the local sharp bend. Then the navigation conditions can be improved.
万福河旧航道采用养护和变换方式,在局部深度进行疏浚,在局部弯曲处曲线截断,从而改善航道的航行条件。
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
航道经仁城县金香县,经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel originates through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
这条航道由金香县、仁城区经南阳湖进入北京杭州大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel flowing through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
航道经金香县、仁城区、然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel affluent through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
通过金香县、仁城区和南阳湖的丰富通道,进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel tributaries through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
通过金香县、仁城区和南阳湖的支流,进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel discharge through Jinxiang County, Rencheng area and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
通过金香县、仁城区和南阳湖排入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路翻新工程于二零零一年二月开工,并于二零零五年一月进行交付检查,主要投资主体为济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The modernization project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路现代化工程于2011年2月开始施工,2015年1月实施交付检查,投资主体为济宁安平市安平运河物流服务中心。
The reconstruction project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路重建工程于2011年2月开始施工,交货检查于2015年1月进行,投资主体为济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The rehabilitation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路修复工程于二零零一年二月开工施工,并于二零零五年一月进行交付检查,主要投资主体为济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The repair project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
双水路修复工程于2011年2月开始施工,交付检查于2015年1月进行,投资主体为济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation phase of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center.
两条水道的翻新期于2011年2月开始施工,交付检查于2015年1月进行,投资主体为济宁安平市安平运河物流服务中心。
In accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
根据“贷款建设与还贷收费”原则,济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取渠道收费。
In accordance to the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
根据“贷款建设与还贷收费”原则,济宁安平市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取渠道收费。
of accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准,按照“贷款建设与还贷款收费”的原则,收取渠道收费。
in accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
根据“贷款建设与还贷收费”原则,济宁安平市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取渠道收费。
the accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准,按照“贷款建设与还贷款收费”的原则,收取渠道收费。
to accordance with the " loan construction and charging for repaying loan " principle, Jining City Anping Canal Logistics Service Center will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
根据“贷款建设与还贷收费”原则,济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取渠道收费。
Among them, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among it, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among that, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里干重.
Among of, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里干重.
Among and, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里干重.
Among was, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
The toll collection date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
收费日期为2016年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll collections date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
收费日期为2016年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll production date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
收费日为2016年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll release date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
缴费日期为2016年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll series date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
收费标准从2016年6月15日起至2019年6月14日止。
the toll collection date is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
收费日期为2016年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
Reporters learned from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、百马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters discovered from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局得知,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、百马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters uncovered from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局得知,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、百马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters obtained from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局得知,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括珠井河道、百马河道、北达康道和老湾福道。
Reporters found from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
报道人士从济宁港水利局得知,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河道、百马河道、北达康道和老湾福道。
Reporters noticed from Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within Jining territory, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局得知,济宁境内共有4条收费通道,包括珠井河道、百马河道、北达康道和老湾福道。
These four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流渠道,这些渠道以社会融资方式得到更新和改造。
These three channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这三个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流通道,通过社会融资方式进行升级改造。
These Four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河支流渠道,这些渠道通过社会融资方式得到更新和改造。
the four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
北京杭州大运河支流渠是四条以社会融资方式进行升级改造的渠道。
and four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
北京杭州大运河支流运河有四个渠道,这些渠道通过社会融资方式得到更新和改造。
of four channels are Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal tributary channels, which are upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
其中北京杭州大运河支流运河有四个渠道,通过社会融资方式进行升级改造。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
朱水河通道升级改造工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Supervation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
朱水河通道升级加固工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Regrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
顺井河航道改造工程是山东省江、港基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Prograde Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
珠井河通道改造工程是山东省江河、港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Exgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
顺井河隧道翻修工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Undergrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund supplements the funding gap.
朱水河海峡低档翻新工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,而社会基金弥补了资金缺口。
Baima River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
白马河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima Canal, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
百麻运河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima Navigation, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
百马航道 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima Current, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
百马海流 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima The, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
百麻 、 洛万福河、碧达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Bai River River, the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation.
白河 、 洛万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
The funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的需要,制约了信道升级的进度。
of funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨资金不能满足项目建设的需要,限制渠道升级进度。
the funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金无法满足项目建设的需要,制约了信道升级的进度。
in funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨资金不能满足项目建设的需要,限制渠道升级进度。
and funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的需要,制约了信道升级的进度。
to funds allocated by the state finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政拨款不能满足项目建设的需要,限制渠道升级进度。
Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的社会基金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
the funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
of funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
and funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
to funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Social funding for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的社会资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表演,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-heat has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽陶在百米自由泳半热的表演使得许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-heats has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁子陶在百米自由泳半热的表演,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
to, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
至此,这50米自由泳并非宁泽东的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛上的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目上有所突破。
of, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
在哈山世界锦标赛中,他的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目中取得突破。
the, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
这个50米自由泳不是宁泽陶的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛上的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目上有所突破。
and, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
这个50米自由泳不是宁泽陶的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛上的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目上有所突破。
in, this 50-meter freestyle is not the subject of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicate it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
这款50米自由式的比赛并非宁泽东的话题,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,Ning Zetao输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure yet, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体塔公宝(Ta Kung Pao)透露,宁泽涛输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure surprisingly, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
令人惊讶的是,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,Ning Zetao输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure news, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,Ning Zetao输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure yesterday, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体塔公宝(Ta Kung Pao)昨日透露,宁泽涛输的最大的原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure however, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
不过,香港权威媒体塔贡保(Ta Kung Pao)透露,宁泽涛输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Many factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多因素都会影响他将来的想法,他现在更想进入娱乐圈了。
and factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
他现在对进入娱乐圈更感兴趣。
the factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
这些因素对他将来的想法可能有很大的影响。他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
of factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
他现在更想进入娱乐圈了。
to factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
他现在对进入娱乐圈更感兴趣。
in factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
他现在对进入娱乐圈更感兴趣。
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁子都立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为名人.
of Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛中,宁泽东以他英俊的外表和出色的表现,立即成为名人。
and Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
和喀山世界锦标赛,宁子都立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为名人。
the Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛上,宁子都立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为名人。
After Moscow World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在莫斯科世界锦标赛之后, 宁泽东立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为了名人.
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao instantly become popularity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁子都立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现受到欢迎.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become his label.
结果, “ 国人 ” 、 “ 鲜肉 ” 、 “ 华丽 ” 等都成了他的标签.
of a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become his label.
结果,“乡下丈夫(一对好)”、“鲜小肉”、“华丽”等都成了他的标签。
and a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become his label.
结果,“乡下丈夫(好友)”、“鲜小肉”、“华丽”等都成了他的标签。
the a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " fresh little meat ", " gorgeous ", etc. have become his label.
结果,“乡下丈夫(一对好)”、“鲜小肉”、“华丽”等都成了他的标签。
A variety of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动, 他的确有着闪闪发光的美好前景.
A range of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动, 他的确有着闪闪发光的美好前景.
A various of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动, 他的确有着闪闪发光的美好前景.
A Various of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
各种商务活动纷纷来到他面前, 他的确有着闪闪发光的美好前景.
A diverse of business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
各种商业活动纷纷涌现, 他的确有着闪闪发光的美好前景.
A variety about business activities came to him. He really have a golden flashing prospect.
他有各种各样的商业活动, 他的确有着闪闪发光的美好前景.
In this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In that case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In his case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
以他为例,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In the case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In This case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In a case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在一个例子中,宁子都选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
After fact, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
事实上,他只有23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
After addition, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
再加一点,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
After total, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
总而言之,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
After yet, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
之后,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
After All, he is only 23 years old. After a certain degree of study, he can perform some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一定程度的学习,他能以自己的声望表演一些电视剧。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看,他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比。
the Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格和前辈相比。
and Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
和宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前辈相比。
to Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资质,比起他的前辈。
in Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
在宁泽陶,需要看看他是否有足够的资格,比起他的前辈。
of Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
宁泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资质,比起他的前辈。
At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
the the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
of the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
to the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
in the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
and the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已有21岁的刘宣结束了运动员的职业生涯。
The beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快记住,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
the beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快被记住,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
a beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快被记住,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
to beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美貌使她很快被记住,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
in beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外表使她很快被记住,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
and beautiful appearance of Liu Xuan makes her quickly remembered and also lays a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的美丽外貌使她很快被记住,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,2013年,她建立了自己的演播室。
in retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
在退休后,刘宣主演了多部电视剧,2013年,她建立了自己的演播室。
to retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
刘宣在退休前主演了几部电视剧,并在2013年建立了自己的演播室。
and retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
和退休后,刘宣主演了多部电视剧,并在2013年建立了自己的演播室。
of retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
刘宣在退休后曾主演过多部电视剧,并在2013年创办了自己的演播室。
the retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and in 2013 she set up her own studio.
刘宣主演了多部电视剧,并在2013年创办了自己的演播室。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Bai participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田白参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Yan participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田仁参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Hong participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
天红参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,赢得2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Xiao participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田晓参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Li participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
天莉参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米的比赛,赢得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞争状态出现了下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But after he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但在2004年奥运会单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败后,田亮的竞技状态下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
the when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
当他在2004年奥运会单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,天亮的竞技状态下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
and when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
当他在2004年奥运会的单场10米比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞技状态下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
of when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
在2004年奥运会的单场10米比赛中,他被对手胡佳击败,田亮的竞技状态下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
to when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the single 10-meter match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
在2004年奥运会单场10米比赛中,他被对手胡佳击败,天亮的竞技状态下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
但是当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 的表演时,他成了观众的焦点。
and when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
当他带着女儿参加“爸爸,我们去哪里?”的杂耍表演时,他成为了焦点。
the when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
当他带着女儿参加“爸爸,我们去哪里?”的杂耍表演时,他成了一个焦点。
to when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
当他带着女儿参加“爸爸,我们去哪里?”的杂耍表演时,他成为一个焦点。
of when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
当他带着女儿参加“爸爸,我们去哪里?”的杂耍表演时,他成为了焦点。
in when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? ", he became a focus.
当他带着女儿参加“爸爸,我们去哪里?”的杂耍表演时,他成为了焦点。
The once gold generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代杨薇、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
The once silver generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的银代杨薇、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种综艺表演。
The once blue generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的蓝色一代杨薇、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
The once Gold generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的金祖杨薇、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种演出。
The once bronze generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾经的青铜一代杨薇、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各种表演。
The once golden generation Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show.
曾是金色一代的杨薇、李小鹏和陈一兵都参加了各式各样的演出。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫甚至获得过他个人的两次全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It was worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的两次全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It its worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的两次全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth noting that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得注意的是,杨卫和李小鹏带领中国队,在2008年奥运会男子队中夺得冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的双枚全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth mention that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的两次全能金牌,并被称做万能的国王。
It is worth remembering that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得记住的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的双枚全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
And Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,也成为了拳击王。
and Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,也成为了拳击王。
the Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,成为了一名拳击王。
to Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,成为了一名拳击王。
of Chen Yibing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,成为了拳击王。
And Chen Yanbing has become a ring king while leading his team to win the champion in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈延彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子球队冠军的同时,也成为了拳击王。
But after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但在他被误判并输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌后,他的慷慨之举赢得了太多的乐趣。
in after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
在他被误判并输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌之后,他的慷慨之举赢得了太多的乐趣。
the after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
在他被误判并输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌之后,他那宽宏大量的行为赢得了太多的乐趣。
to after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
在他被误判并输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌之后,他的慷慨之举赢得了太多的乐趣。
of after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
在他被误判并输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌之后,他那宽宏大量的行为给他赢得了很多乐趣。
and after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the London Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
在他被误判并输掉了伦敦奥运会的金牌之后,他的慷慨之举赢得了太多的乐趣。
However, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, those game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, such game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这样的游戏玩家主要关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去变种表演。
However, some game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,一些游戏玩家主要关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, is game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,是游戏玩家主要关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去变种表演。
However, These game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的节目。
However, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
然而,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
of, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
不论他们是退役运动员还是活跃运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
and, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
而且,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
to, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
因此,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能在娱乐圈中获胜。
the, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
in, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
不论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能在娱乐圈中获胜。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空间状态。
After fact, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
事实上,运动员们刚刚踏入一个新领域,因此在能力和连接上,运动员们只是处于一个空间状态。
After like, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
之后,运动员们才步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和连接方面,运动员们只是处于一个空间状态。
After addition, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
再加一点,运动员们才步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和连接上,运动员们只是处于一个空间状态。
After in, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
之后,运动员们才步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空间状态。
After is, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a space state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
之后,运动员们才步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空间状态。
Even for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是天亮和刘宣,在娱乐圈里也不是什么新鲜事,人们在提到他们的时候,总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
and for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
对于天亮和刘宣来说,他们在娱乐圈里并不新鲜,在提到他们的时候,一般人总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
the for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
对天亮和刘玄来说,在娱乐圈里并不新鲜,一般人总是在提到他们的时候想到他们在奥运会上的表演。
to for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
对天亮和刘玄来说,在娱乐圈里不是新鲜事的,一般人总是在提到自己在奥运会上的表演时想起自己。
of for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
对天亮和刘玄来说,在娱乐圈里并不新鲜,人们在提到他们的时候总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
in for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
在为天亮和刘宣,在娱乐圈里不新鲜,人们总是在提到他们的时候想到他们在奥运会上的表演。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the entrance of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演的入口处总是奥运冠军。
And the appearance of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺展上的出现一直是奥运会的冠军。
And the arrival of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏的到来总是奥运冠军。
And the addition of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
而杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the entry of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运冠军。
Compared with these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁泽涛在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军位置上略弱一些.
Compared between these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁泽涛在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军位置上略弱一些.
Compared against these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁泽涛在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军位置上略弱一些.
Compared without these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁子涛在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军位置上略弱一些.
Compared with these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title for Swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁泽涛在世界游泳锦标赛的冠军地位稍逊.
Compared with these people, Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title in Swimming World Championships.
与这些人相比, 宁泽东在游泳世界锦标赛的冠军地位稍弱一些.
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swim world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a Swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比,宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好。
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimmer world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这一世界游泳冠军的称号并不怎么好.
Compared among these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Compared for these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的退却会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Liang, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨亮等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的退却会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Wei, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天薇、刘宣、杨薇等在山峰的撤走相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤走会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Jing, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天静、刘宣、杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的退却会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Tang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天唐、刘玄、杨薇等山峰的撤除相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤除会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Yuan, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天元、刘玄和杨薇等山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的退却会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
After all, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After addition, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
再者,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After now, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
之后,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After contrast, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
对比之下,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After yet, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
之后,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After such, at the mention of athletes, people's requirements on athletes are " not seeking victory but for no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
之后,在提到运动员时,人们对运动员的要求“不是追求胜利,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
It a a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
It it a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
the is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
to is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
in is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to chose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to decide, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何决定,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to do, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何去做,宁子都应该很清醒。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to change, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何改变,宁子都应该有意识。
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看, 在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感.
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circles and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看,在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感。
to the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看,在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感。
of the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看,在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感。
in the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看,在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感。
a the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
在表面上,在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还逐渐走向了离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
the sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
to sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社会网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
and sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
in sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
在社会网络的影响领域,不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下到离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
of sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life of the people.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了人们当前的社会生活。
The benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
the benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
and benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
to benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
of benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
in benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly vulnerable to the favor of young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此特别容易受到年轻人的青睐。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey on college students'social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,而且与日常生活中的手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey study college students'social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,而且与日常生活中的手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey survey college students'social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项调查表明,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A study of college students'social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and is almost inseparable to his mobile phone during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的研究显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费了5个小时以上,而且与日常生活中的手机几乎是密不可分的。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯同步,这符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social system features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会系统具有成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯速度快等特点,符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social network has low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络具有成本低、传输速度快、人际通信速度快等特点,符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social network includes low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络包括低成本、快速传输速度和几个人之间的同步通信,这满足了现代大学生的需求。
" Social network involves low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络涉及成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯同步等内容,符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social network services low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络服务成本低、传输速度快、人际通信同步,符合现代大学生的需求。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal interaction circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际互动圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal communication circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际交流圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationships circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
New comingrs in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
New camers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
New Comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司里的新员工喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更加亲密。”
New comers in the company love internet exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司新来的人喜欢与同事进行网络交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
to comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform makes people much closer to one another. "
公司里的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉对方。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让大家更亲密。”
People who love to make friends also love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又变得熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also like online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的接触。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also enjoy online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的接触。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also appreciate online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也欣赏在线交流。”由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的交流。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also prefer online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也更喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的接触。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also have online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也有在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系数倍于网外朋友。
IT Engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系是网外朋友的多次。
IT engineers Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系是网外朋友的多次。
IT engineering Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系是网外朋友的多次。
IT Engineering Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系是网外朋友的多次。
IT model Wu Yan is a profound social networking lovers. His majority social life occurred online and his online contact is several times than that of offline friends.
IT模式吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线联系是网外朋友的多次。
Wu Yan himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也承认,网络更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Yu himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴宇本人也承认, 网络 更加 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Chen himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴本人也承认, 网络 更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Yan himself admitted that the network is less " in his element ".
吴彦本人也承认, 网络 的 “ 成分 ” 较少.
" You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达。
" You can respond with your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以和朋友一起回答,因为有很多时间来考虑这些单词,你可以更明确地表达。
" You can respond to your friend when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以回应你的朋友,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达。
" You can respond to your people when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以回应你的人民,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以表达得更清楚。
" You can respond to your Friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达。
" The communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" A communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的通信可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" In communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
在隐藏在身份证下面的交流中,可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给彼此更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" the communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The language hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的语言可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给彼此更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communications hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的通讯可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率。现实生活中的各种社会关注可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identity have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的言论权利和效率,在现实生活中的各种社会关注可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social issues during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的演讲权利和效率。现实生活中的各种社会问题可能立即在互联网上被消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social worries during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率,现实生活中的各种社会担忧可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social problems during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率,在现实生活中的各种社会问题可能立即在互联网上被消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social questions during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有同样的权利和效率说话。现实生活中的各种社会问题可能立即在互联网上被消除。”
However, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 小鹏, 吴彦的朋友, 认为吴彦是个 “ 非常无聊 ” 的.
to, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
小鹏,吴彦的朋友,认为吴彦是个“很无聊的”。
in, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
小鹏,吴彦的朋友,认为吴彦是个“很无聊的”。
of, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
吴彦的朋友小鹏认为吴彦是个“很无聊的”。
and, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
小鹏,吴彦的朋友,认为吴彦是个“很无聊的”。
the, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
小鹏,吴彦的朋友,认为吴彦是个“很无聊的”。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiao Peng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里见面聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
topeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
上风和武岩在小组里见面聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
andpeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
平和武岩在小组聊天中见面,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
ofpeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
平和武岩在小组聊天中见面,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
inpeng and Wuyan meet each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
笔与武岩在小组聊天中见面,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng noticed that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏注意到吴炎和互联网上的吴炎区别很大,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的,“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查看”。
Xiaopeng thinks that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的,“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一查”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on Internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on web. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和网络上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查看”。
Xiao Peng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查看”。
Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
灵水警方也参与了调查,而灵水交通部门也将加大努力,纠正车辆的违规操作。
ofshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
水警参与调查,而灵水交通部门亦会加强整顿非法车辆的运作。
theshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
水警参与调查,而灵水交通部门亦会加强整顿非法车辆的运作。
toshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
水警参与调查,而灵水交通部门亦会加强整顿非法车辆的运作。
andshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
以及水警参与调查,而灵水交通部门亦会加强整顿非法车辆的运作。
inshui police has been involved in the investigation while Lingshui traffic sector will also intensify efforts to rectify illegal operation of vehicles.
内水警方参与调查,而灵水交通部门亦会加强整顿非法车辆的运作。
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在官邸被撞坏了。”
" The clash on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突尚未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在官邸被撞坏了。”
" The clashes on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在官邸被打碎。”
" The struggle on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的挣扎还没有获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在住所被撞坏了。”
" The dispute on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的争议仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在官邸被撞坏了。”
" The conflicts on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxi of another two drivers was smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车在官邸被撞坏了。”
" Now the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“现在三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能够加大努力进行翻修。”
" Currently the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
目前,三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,希望有关部门能加大改造力度。
" Already the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“三轮车已经大部分在夜间非法运行,我们希望有关当局也能加大努力进行翻修。”
" But the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
但三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能够加大努力进行翻修。
" Here the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“这里的三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能加大努力进行翻修。”
" And the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities can also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“而且三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也能加大努力进行翻修。”
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Jianghai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
江海网站的记者从灵水利县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Donghai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
东海网站的记者从灵水利县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Wuhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
吴海网站的记者从灵水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Pinghai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
平海网站的记者从灵水利县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Linghai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
岭海网站的记者从岭水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Wang Wenyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
灵水运输局交通管理站主任王文义表示,灵水运输业开始整改客轮三轮车的非法运行,并全面禁止613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
Wang Weiyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任王卫一表示,岭水运输业开始整改客轮三轮车的非法运行,并全面禁止613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
Wang Mingyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任王明一表示,岭水运输业开始整改客轮三轮车的非法运行,并全面禁止613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
Wang Yuanyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
灵水交通局交通管理站主任王远一表示,灵水交通部门开始整改客轮三轮车的非法运行,共取缔了613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
Wang Yingyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任王英仪表示,岭水运输业开始整改客轮三轮车的非法运行,并全面禁止613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
Wang Pingyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau said that Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operation of the passenger tricycle and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
灵水运输局交通管理站主任王平一表示,灵水运输业开始整改客轮三轮车的非法运行,并全面禁止613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
The next step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The next Step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The second step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
第二步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The first step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
第一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The Next step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The step step is that, the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input on rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
步骤是,交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与若干部门合作,加强投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
At 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
in 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
of 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
and 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
和8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
to 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
至8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者随同“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
the 8 am on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " Health Chinese " clinic service group to go to Hegou village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中医”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village hospital located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
村医院位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,村内有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is situated in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和物质条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 6 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约6公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
the village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
村落位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区。村内有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和体力方面的限制,给许多中年病人带来许多不便。
and village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
,村落位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区。该村有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和体力方面的限制,给许多中年病人带来许多不便。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
the project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
and project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所项目全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科等部门。
to project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所项目全面,涉及外科、外科、呼吸科、精神病科、皮肤科和儿科等科室。
of project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所项目全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科等部门。
in project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所项目全面,涉及外科、外科、呼吸科、精神病科、皮肤科和儿科等科室。
Many villagers learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting on a small square of the village.
许多村民得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场上等候。
Many village learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村庄得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村庄的一个小广场等候。
Many villages learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村庄得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村庄的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers found that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民发现诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers knew that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民知道诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recently years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
The 66-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年66岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
The 71-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
71岁的薛女士患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直患“哮喘”,气喘吁吁,甚至还在斜坡上行走。
The 68-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
68岁的薛女士患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰,因此喘气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上行走也喘不过气来。
The 65-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
65岁的薛女士患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰,因此喘气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上行走也喘不过气来。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生告诉薛医生,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors said Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生说,薛氏病几乎无法治愈慢性支气管炎,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors advised Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生建议薛方说,治疗慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors described Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生们说,薛氏病几乎无法治愈慢性支气管炎,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors approached Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生们向薛医生表示,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors recommended Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生建议学学说,治疗慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man arrived for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man appeared for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man visited for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man was for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所里,一位60岁的男士正在咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man went for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子去咨询她的小孙子。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers in his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers to his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,3岁以后左脚被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers of his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,3岁以后,左脚被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at the left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起左脚就被狂犬症缠绕着。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at its left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起就被左脚的狂犬病所困扰。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这人不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After evaluation, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
经检查,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生建议他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examinations, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After inspection, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After observation, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
观察后,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After exam, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查过后,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
我们在这个村庄提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村庄,服务小组免费提供医疗服务。
" In the village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
在村里,我们提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村里,服务队提供免费的医疗服务。
" in this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
“我们在这个村里提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村里,服务队提供免费的医疗服务。”
" In this Village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
“在这个村庄,我们提供了药物和超声波B服务,而在另一个村庄,即武连县胡布镇邱家店子村,服务团队提供了免费的医疗服务。”
" In this village, we provided medications and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
“在这个村里,我们提供了药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村里,服务团队提供了免费的医疗服务。”
" In this village, we provided medicines and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town of Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
我们在这个村庄提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村庄,服务小组免费提供医疗服务。
This free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
这个免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他的活动将继续进行。
the free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他活动将继续进行。
to free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,今后会继续开展其他活动。
of free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,今后会继续开展其他活动。
and free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他活动将继续进行。
in free clinic is only one part of'healthy Chinese', in the days to come, other activities will continue to carry out. "
在免费诊所只是“健康中国人”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他活动将继续进行。
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education business ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育企业生态系统的一个里程碑。
CEO Huang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
黄家佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Liu Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
刘家佳首席执行官说,未来五年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Wu Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
吴家佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Chen Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
陈家佳首席执行官说,未来五年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Zhang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
章佳佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Yang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is bringing the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
杨佳佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
It is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
the is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
a is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
a 了解到“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
of is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
学会了“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
to is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
得知“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
and is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
并了解到“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相联的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
首席操作员张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生相关,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating Executive Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生相关,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating Unit Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
张立明总操作组表示,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生相关,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Operating CEO Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
首席运营官张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相联的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
Chief Executive Officer Zhang Liming said that the global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children.
行政总裁张立铭说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相连的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费宝贵的时间送孩子和接孩子。
The central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将27个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
the central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将27个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
and central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将27个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
a central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将27个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
to central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
将27个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
of central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non-bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years
央行将27个非银行机构的营业执照有效期延长5年
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续约将调整其拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理的业务范围。
To unite business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为统一业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次更新将调整拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理商的业务范围。
To combine business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整其拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理的业务范围。
To strengthen business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为加强业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次更新将调整拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理商的业务范围。
To merge business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为了整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次更新将调整其业务范围,即拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理机构。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of oversight, this renewal will adjust its business scope of the " Payment Business License " payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的《支付业务许可证》付款代理的业务范围。
The consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The unified payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
统一支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The centralized payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
中央支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
the consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
a consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
综合支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
of consolidated payment institution shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销、续期,由中国人民银行办理。
the People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
完成业务工作后,由中国人民银行办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
and People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期,由中国人民银行办理。
of People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
完成业务工作后,由中国人民银行办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
to People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
向中国人民银行办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
in People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant " Payment Business License " after the business undertaking work is completed.
在中国人民银行办理有关业务完成后,办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
of there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
在出现严重业务违规、业务停滞或申请终止某些付款代理商的业务类型等情况下,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
and there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
并存在着严重的业务违规、业务停滞或申请终止某些付款代理商的业务类型等,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
the there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或申请终止某些付款代理商的业务类型等,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because the are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because any are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
the relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
of relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机关应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
to relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
给有关机构的通知,应当自公告之日起六个月内有序停止有关支付业务。
and relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关单位应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
in relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机关应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的续期。
the People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的续期。
and People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的续期。
of People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的续期。
to People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
继续依法向中国人民银行办理《支付业务许可证》的续期。
in People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of " Payment Business License " in accordance with the law.
在中国人民银行继续依法办理《付款营业执照》的续期。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
两次4级、4级、5级地震分别击中西藏尼马县,暂时没有人员伤亡。
Two earthquake with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
两次4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏尼马县,暂时没有人员伤亡。
Two shaking with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
两架4级、4级、4级5级地震分别击中西藏尼马县,暂时没有人员伤亡。
and earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
西藏尼马县发生了4级、4级、5级地震,暂时没有人员伤亡。
of earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
4级、4级、5级地震分别击中西藏尼马县,暂时无人员伤亡。
the earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were caused temporarily.
4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏尼马县,暂时没有人员伤亡。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节仍在统计核查中。
the to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
对当地民政部门来说,暂时没有伤亡,灾害的细节还在统计核查中。
of to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
对当地民政部门来说,暂时没有伤亡,灾害的细节还在统计核查中。
to to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
致当地民政部门,暂无伤亡人员,灾害的详情仍在统计核实中。
in to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
在向当地民政部门报告时,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节还在统计核查中。
and to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still in statistical verification.
对当地民政部门来说,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节还在统计核查中。
Yu Bo, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动,并作了重要的演讲。
Yu Li, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于莉出席了这次活动并作了重要演讲。
Yu Fu, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席余福出席了这次活动并作了重要发言。
Yu Shi, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于石出席了这次活动并作了重要发言。
Yu Wu, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席余武出席了这次活动并作了重要发言。
Yu Hui, the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于惠出席了这次活动并作了重要发言。
The attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
与会的领队一起荣获第二轮 “ 爱源山 ” 雷锋私人船队的殊荣.
the attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
出席的领队一起获得第二批“爱源山”雷锋私人船队的奖项。
and attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
和出席的领队一起荣获第二批“爱源山”雷锋私人船队。
of attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
出席的领队合获第二轮“爱源山”雷锋私人船队奖。
in attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
一同出席第二轮“爱源山”雷锋私人船队领队颁奖典礼。
to attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of " Love Yuanshan " Leifeng private fleet.
出席领队颁奖的第二批“爱源山”雷锋私人船队。
These 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 25 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
25年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These twenty years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近二十年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 30 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近30年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 10 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
十年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
These 40 years, " Love Yuanshan " wrote about human love with its practical action. The Yuanshan forestry center has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
四十年来,“爱元山”以其实际行动写下人类的爱,云山林业中心已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
In front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每一个重大灾害发生前,元山人民自发地组织捐款,并向社区伸出援助之手。
in front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每一个重大灾害发生前,元山人民自发地组织捐款,并向社区伸出援助之手。
of front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每一个重大灾难的前面,元山人民自发地组织捐款,并向社区伸出援助之手。
the front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每一个重大灾害的前线,元山人民自发地组织捐款,并向社区伸出援助之手。
and front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
元山人民自发地组织捐赠活动,并对各大灾区伸出援手。
to front of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations and lend a helping hand to the community.
在每一个重大灾害发生前,元山人民自发组织捐款,向社会伸出援助之手。
Sun Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波、元山林业中心前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
the Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
国家道德模范提名奖得主建博和元山林业中心前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
of Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
元山林业中心前党委书记、全国道德模范提名奖得主建博表示,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
and Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
元山林业中心前党委书记、国家道德模范提名奖得主建博表示,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
in Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
在建博国家道德模范提名奖得主和元山林业中心前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
to Jianbo, the winner of national moral model nomination award and the former party secretary of Yuanshan forestry center said, Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with socialist value system.
向国家道德模范提名奖得主建博和元山林业中心前党委书记表示,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理与美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
仪式结束后,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
of the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
the the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
to the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
and the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum the watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
开幕式结束后,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念馆,观看了无障碍设施的建设。
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
Rivage Mayor Villefrey Lopez在教师培训场景中说,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港发展集团合作,促进环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
Rivage mayor Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
里瓦奇市市长维尔弗雷·洛佩兹在教师培训讲演中表示,尼加拉瓜政府各机构正与港大集团合作,共同推行环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
Rivage President Villefrey Lopez said at the teacher training scene that the Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities.
里瓦吉总统维尔弗雷·洛佩斯在教师培训讲演中说,尼加拉瓜政府各机构正与港大合作,共同推行环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准建设运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The HKND group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准建设运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
the HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准建设运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
and HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
运河项目开发商香港天然气集团(HKNDGroup)一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准兴建运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
to HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准建设运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
of HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice to build the canal according to international standards and maximized the protection of Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法,按照国际标准建设运河,并最大限度地保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践相结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜环境绿化。
College scholars, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学者通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College teachers, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校教师通过理论与实践相结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜环境绿化。
College graduates, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校毕业生通过理论与实践相结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜环境绿化。
College programs, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
大学课程通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜环境绿化。
College courses, through the combination of theory and practice, led the primary and secondary students together to plant trees and taught the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
大学课程通过理论和实践的结合,引导中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜环境绿化。
Francis Reyes, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Reyes领导了造林项目的整个进程。
Francis Flores, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Flores领导了造林项目的全过程。
Francis Romero, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Romero领导了造林项目的整个进程。
Francis Herrera, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Herrera领导了造林项目的全过程。
Francis Ramírez, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Ramírez领导了造林项目的整个进程。
Francis Martínez, a professor of natural resources and the environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francis Martínez领导了造林项目的全过程。
" We have reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" I have reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" we have reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" We stand reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" We see reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" We know reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
「我们知道,我们有理由相信,亦由港大集团牵头的跨洋大运河工程,将为尼加拉瓜大部分民众带来更多利益,并为本地社会创造更多就业机会。」
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
In a to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
In the to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
In of to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
In and to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
In to to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, distributed to all 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers and students.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为师生提供长远的技术指引。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
in, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
of, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
the, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
and, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
to, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai province.
由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Some 300 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约300名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 200 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约200名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 400 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约400名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 500 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约500名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 350 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约350名艺术家汇聚一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 250 artists from the art troupe of 13 countries and regions from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约250名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
On the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %.
本月第11天,塔吉克斯坦“阿韦斯塔”新闻社援引中央银行的消息说,今年头7个月塔吉克斯坦的通胀率为3.
On the 11th day of the month, The Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %.
本月第11天,塔吉克斯坦“阿韦斯塔”新闻社援引中央银行的消息说,今年头7个月塔吉克斯坦的通胀率为3.
the the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %.
塔吉克斯坦“阿韦斯塔”新闻社援引中央银行的消息,在当月第11日表示,塔吉克斯坦今年前7个月的通胀率为3.
in the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %.
塔吉克斯坦“阿韦斯塔”新闻社援引中央银行的消息说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通胀率为3.
of the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %.
塔吉克斯坦“阿韦斯塔”新闻社援引中央银行的消息说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通胀率为3.
to the 11th day of the month, the Tajikistan " Avesta " news agency, quoting the news of the central bank, said that the inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %.
截至本月11日,塔吉克斯坦"阿韦斯塔"通讯社援引中央银行的消息说,今年头7个月的塔吉克斯坦通货膨胀率为3.7%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while such rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%,7月的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而过去一年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As indicated in the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while such rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%,7月的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而过去一年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As stated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while such rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%,7月的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而过去一年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As highlighted by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while such rate in the past year was 6 %.
正如报告所强调的,塔吉克斯坦的通胀率在前7个月是3.7%,7月份的通胀率为0.6%,而去年的通胀率为6%。
As revealed by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while such rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所示,塔吉克斯坦前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%,7月的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而过去一年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As confirmed by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while such rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所证实,塔吉克斯坦前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%,7月的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而过去一年的通货膨胀率为6%。
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年为5.
According in the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年为5.
According said the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年为5.
According to the report, a goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年为5.
According to the report, of goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,2016年塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年为5.
of to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to control the annual inflation rate in 2016 as 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率控制在7. 5%,而2015年的年通胀率为5.
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
此外,报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In also, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
报告还指出,在2016年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展和通货膨胀方面,政府与一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In it, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
该报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府与一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In the, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
该报告还指出,在2016年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展和通货膨胀方面,政府与一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In that, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
该报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
In a, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between the government and some major international financial institutions in the aspect of prediction.
一份报告还指出,在2016年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展和通货膨胀方面,政府和一些主要国际金融机构在预测方面存在着某些差异。
According to the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According by the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According on the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According as the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According per the forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
According to of forecast of Ministry of Trade and Economic Development, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation is basically above this level.
根据贸易和经济发展部的预测,我国的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通胀率将基本高于这一水平。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀情况作了不同的预测。
of the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀情况作了不同的预测。
in the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通胀情况作了不同的预测。
to the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通胀情况作了不同的预测。
the the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通胀情况作了不同的预测。
and the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通胀情况作了不同的预测。
For both of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For both the these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For both a these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这些指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For these of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这些指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For the of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
对于这些指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
For all of these indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, while that of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and that of the International Monetary Fund was 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
就这些指标而言,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报道,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It was reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the global economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管全球经济下滑、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the regional economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管出现了区域经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the external economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管外部经济下滑、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
It is reported that, despite the international Economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, 6 % growth was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报道,尽管出现了国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值和海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长。
On August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people ! "
8月11日,当记者在绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
in August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people ! "
8月11日,当记者在绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
of August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people ! "
八月十一日,当记者在绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
and August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people ! "
和8月11日,当记者在自己的绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
to August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people ! "
到8月11日,当记者在绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
the August 11, when the reporter called Huang Yilin, who was in his Mianyang home, she said, " At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea, which is to rescue people ! "
8月11日,当记者在绵阳家中叫黄一林时,她说:“当时太急了,只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Huang Jinglin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄景林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2015年级学生。
Huang Yinlin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄茵林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2015年级学生。
Huang Shilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄世林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Huang Huilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄惠林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Huang Yinglin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄英琳是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2015年级学生。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
黄一林以城乡规划为主,想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都来到了那里。
Major trained in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
黄一林主修城乡规划,想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,所以全家都绑在那里。
Major graduated in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
毕业于城乡规划专业,黄一林想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家被绑在那里。
Major educated in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
黄一林主修城乡规划,想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,所以全家都到那儿去。
Major raised in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
黄一林在城乡规划中长大,想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,所以全家都绑在那里。
Major interested in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Sichuan Langzhong and learn the local architectural design, so the family were bound for there.
黄一林主修城乡规划,想参观四川廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,所以全家都到那儿去。
At around 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At about 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At near 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At at 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
8月8日上午10点,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At Around 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At around 9 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午九点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
Not walking too far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们没有走得太远,看见一群人大喊大叫,于是他们走近,好奇。
Not walking too far, they saw a group of people yelling, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走得太远,看见一群人大吼大叫,于是他们走近,好奇地问道。
Not walking too far, they saw a group of people arguing, so they approached for curiosity.
他们没有走得太远,他们看到一群人争吵,于是他们为了好奇而走近。
Not walking very far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走得不太远,看见一群人大叫,于是他们走近,好奇地问了问。
Not walking so far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们没有走到远处,看见一群人大叫,于是他们走向好奇心。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brain left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水中跳动着,只是她的小脑袋从水面上掉下来,不停地沉下去。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little mind left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水中跳动着,只是她的小心留在水面上,不停地沉下去。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little brains left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水中跳动着,只是她的小脑袋留在水面上,不停地下沉。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little skull left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘在水中拼命地颤抖着,只是她的小头颅留在水面上,不停地下沉。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little body left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水中跳动着,只把她的小身子留在水面上,不停地下沉”,黄毅林立刻跳起来救人。
Seeing the " little boy has just disappeared and the little girl desperately fluttered in the water, just with her little head left above the water and keeping sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim hurriedly jumped to rescue people.
看到“小男孩刚刚消失,小姑娘拼命地在水里跳着,只是她的小头从水面上掉下来,不停地下沉。”他学会了游泳,立刻跳起来救人。
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
in jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
在跳入水中时,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
to jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她触不到底部!
and jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她触不到底部!
of jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她触不到底部!
the jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她触不到底部!
The calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
平静的河底有湍急的流水。
The calm-looking river had rapids at the bottom.
平静的河底有急流。
The calm-looking river had rapids in that bottom.
平静的河水在河底急流。
the calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
平静的河底有急流。
of calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
平静的河流底部有湍流。
a calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
一条平静的河底有湍流。
But she still desperately swam to the little girl.
但她还是拼命游向小女孩。
But she still desperately swam to the small girl.
但是她还是拼命游向那个小女孩。
But she still desperately swam to the tiny girl.
但是她还是拼命游向那个小姑娘.
But she still desperately swam to the young girl.
但是她还是拼命游向那个年轻姑娘.
But she still desperately swam to the baby girl.
但她还是拼命游向那个小女孩。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄一林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米远的距离几乎把她累透了。
Huang Qilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄奇林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离几乎把她累坏了。
Huang Yanlin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄燕林说河水泥泞,奔跑很快,只有5米的距离几乎把她累坏了。
Huang Huilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄惠林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离几乎把她累坏了。
Huang Shilin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄石林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离几乎把她累坏了。
Huang Bailin said the river was muddy and run fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄白林说河水泥泞,奔跑得很快,只有5米的距离几乎把她累坏了。
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
She said her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她说她最好把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
She attempted her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
She began her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她开始尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
She managed her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
She struggled her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I am afraid that I have no strength but to sink. "
她竭力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,恐怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
黄怡琳向母亲求助,听到女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图抢救,被别人抓住。
So Huang Huilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
于是黄慧琳打电话给母亲求救,听到女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图抢救,被别人抓住。
So Huang Xiaolin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
因此,黄小林打电话给母亲寻求帮助,听到她女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图抢救,被别人抓住。
So Huang Yinglin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
因此,黄英琳打电话给母亲寻求帮助,听到她女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图抢救,被别人抓住。
So Huang Yinlin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
因此,黄茵琳打电话给母亲寻求帮助,听到女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图抢救,被别人抓住。
So Liu Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin tried to rescue and was held up by other people.
听到女儿的呼唤,尹女士试图抢救,被别人抓住。
On August 10, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
8月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救事件展开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲友的“关心”。
On August 9, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
8月9日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救事件展开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲友的“关心”。
the August 10, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
8月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救事件展开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲友的“关心”。
in August 10, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
在8月10日黄毅林跳入河中抢救事件蔓延后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲友的“关心”。
and August 10, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
和八月十日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救事件展开后,尹女士得到了许多亲朋好友的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲友的“关心”。
of August 10, after the spread of the event of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue. Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
在黄毅林跳入河中抢救事件蔓延后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲友的“关心”。
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
the. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
辛说,心里一直担心,尽管有危险,她还是会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
of. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
辛说,心里一直担心,尽管有危险,她还是会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
to. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
辛说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
and. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
辛说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放入那场戏,她也为女儿感到自豪!
in. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
辛说,心里一直担心,尽管有危险,她还是会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技能真的会派上用场。”
the she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
她不得不学习游泳,在掌握了这项技能之后很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技能真的会派上用场。”
of she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
她不得不学习游泳,但精通游泳技巧后很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技巧真的有用。”
to she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
到她不得不学习游泳,她很少去游泳后掌握了这个技能。“我没想到这个技能真的有用。”
in she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
在她被迫学习游泳后,她很少在掌握了这个技能后去游泳。“我没想到这个技能真的有用。”
and she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
她不得不学习游泳,在精通游泳技巧后很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技巧真的会派上用场。”
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Student " well-known in her class and ready to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里闻名的“直学生”,准备提供帮助。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A student " well-known in her class and ready to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里著名的“直人”学生,愿意帮忙。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The Straight A Students " well-known in her class and ready to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里著名的“直A学生”,随时愿意帮忙。
According to Chen Yiyang, her supervisor, Huang Yilin is the " The straight A Student " well-known in her class and ready to help.
据她的上司陈一阳说,黄一林是班里最有名的“直学生”,准备提供帮助。
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,显示了青年的活力
the opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
5月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕式上,展现了青春的活力
and opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
本月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕式上,展现了青春的活力
of opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
5月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕式上,展现了青春的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on of 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,显示了青年的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on an 13th day of the month showed youth vitality
5月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,显示了青年的活力
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪州芒市举行。
the first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪州芒市举行。
of first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪州芒市举行。
to first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至8月22日在德康州芒市举行。
in first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪州芒市举行。
and first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至8月22日在德洪州芒市举行。
On August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,组织委员会在德洪州芒市举行新闻发布会,介绍组织情况和开幕式。
in August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,组织委员会在德洪州芒市举行新闻发布会,介绍组织情况和开幕式。
the August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,在德洪州芒市,组织委员会召开新闻发布会,介绍组织情况和开幕式。
of August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
于8月12日在德红州芒市举行新闻发布会,介绍组织情况和开幕式。
and August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
及八月十二日,组委会在德宏州芒市举行新闻发布会,介绍组织及开幕式。
to August 12, in De Hong Zhou Mang City, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the organization and the opening ceremony.
至八月十二日,筹委会在德宏州芒市举行新闻发布会,介绍筹办活动及开幕式。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,由芒市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
The first Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,由芒市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
the First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,并由芒市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
to First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
由云南省体育局主办,并由芒市人民政府主办。开幕式将在本月十三日上午举行。
of First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
由云南省体育局主办,并由芒市人民政府主办。开幕式将在本月十三日上午举行。
and First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by Mang City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held in the morning of the 13th day of the month.
由云南省体育局主办,并由芒市人民政府主办,首届云南省青年运动会于本月第13日上午举行。
There are 11 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等11个项目,涉及180件小项目。
There are 12 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
奥运会共有12个项目,涉及180个小型项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
There are 14 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等项目共14件,涉及180件小型项目。
There are 18 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有18个项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等,涉及180个小项目。
There are 16 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有16个项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等,涉及180个小项目。
There are 13 items in the games, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有13个项目,涉及180个小型项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
According to Chang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任、省体育局副主任张茵表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
According to Yu Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place.
据第一届青年运动会组织委员会副主任和省体育局副主任余茵介绍,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
According to Wang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place.
第一届青年运动会组织委员会副主任王茵和省体育局副主任表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,各项准备工作已经就绪。
According to Zhang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任张茵和省体育局副主任表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
According to Yang Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place.
据首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任和省体育局副主任杨茵介绍,按照“政府主导、市场化、节俭竞赛”的原则,所有准备工作已经就绪。
According to Liu Yin, the deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and the deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau, by following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任刘茵和省体育局副主任表示,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,各项准备工作已就绪。
The renovation work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银塔风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已经完成。
The reconstruction work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银塔风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的重建工作已经完成。
The restoration work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银塔风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的修复工程已经完成。
The renovated work of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银塔风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的装修工程已经完成。
The renovation works of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满州义秀摔跤场、银塔风景区山地自行车跑道等德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation project of Dehong old weightlifting hall and martial arts museum, Mang City Yixiao Wrestling arena, Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满市义雄摔跤场、银塔风景区山地自行车跑道德宏旧举重厅和武术博物馆的改造工程已经完成。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
of terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全条款方面,本次会议招聘了580名志愿者,志愿者将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
in terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议招聘了580名志愿者,志愿者将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
to terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
根据活动安全条件,本次大会招募了580名志愿者,志愿者将在各种场地为运动员和参观者提供服务。
and terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
本次大会招募了580名志愿者,志愿者将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
the terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
本次活动安全条款会议共招聘了580名志愿者,志愿者将在各场馆为运动员和参观者提供服务。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the addition time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
另外,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以组建11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the other time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
另一次,德洪各医院部署了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以组建11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the also time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the total time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
德洪各医院共部署了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以组建11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
At the expected time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances were deployed from various Dehong hospitals to produce 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical security work of competition site and the accommodation of athletes.
届时,德洪各医院部署了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以组建11个医疗队,负责比赛场的医务安全工作和运动员的住宿。
As for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As For the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
of for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本届青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式,结合云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
and for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
the for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
针对开幕式和闭幕式相关问题,本次青年运动会的灯饰式结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
to for the issues related with the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生共有1 500名。
At current, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生共有1 500名。
At total, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
为了筹备开幕式,共部署了来自德宏职业学院的1 500名学生演员和其他500名专业演员。
At now, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生共有1 500名。
At date, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院的共计1 500名学生演员和其他500名专业演员已经部署到位。
At addition, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
此外,在筹备开幕式时,还部署了来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的1 500名学生演员。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式。德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan component will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南部分将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式。德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan elements will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan event will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of De Hong Zhou Mang City.
云南活动将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪州芒市的地域文化和民俗特色。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
of present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
and present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
the present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
to present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
至此,开幕式的排练工作结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At now, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony was terminated and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
The artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大.
The art performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大.
The arts performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大.
the artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大。
and artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大。
of artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模相对较大。
From September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘半价车。
of September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
年龄在60岁至64岁之间的人可以乘公交车半价的车票。
to September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
至九月一日,六十至六十四岁人士可乘巴士半价机票。
in September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
在九月一日,六十岁至六十四岁的人们可以乘公交车半价机票。
and September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
和九月一日,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘公交车半价机票。
a September 1, people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half-price ticket.
a 9月1日,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘半价车。
In the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
In a morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
In that morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚获得他给长者的半价卡片。
In the morning on September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚获得他给长者的半价卡片。
in the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片。62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价卡片。
of the morning of September 11, at Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片。62岁的姚明为长者申领了半价卡片。
Prior to this, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实行优惠政策。
Prior to it, Jining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实行优惠政策。
Prior to this, Yining Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,宜宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局和市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
Prior to this, Qiing Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,清市老百姓委员会、市财政局和市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人乘公共汽车半价的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
Prior to this, Jiing Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,吉宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
Prior to this, Jianging Municipal Committee for Aging People, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " A Notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus by half-price ticket ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,江宁市老百姓委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘公共汽车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实行优惠政策。
Liu Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
a Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
a 厦门,济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任,说她自8月1日以来经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
to Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
对济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任夏表示,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
of Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任夏表示,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
in Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任在夏表示,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
and Xia, the deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company, said that she managed more than 200 elderly half-price tickets since August 1.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任夏洁说,自8月1日以来,她经营着200多张老年人半价机票。
Currently, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
目前,旧卡分为两种,一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
Currently, older card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
目前,老年卡分为两种:一种是老年免费卡,另一种是老年半价卡。
Currently, Old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
目前,旧卡分为两种,一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
Currently, former card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
目前,旧卡分为两种,一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
the, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
旧卡分为两种:一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
of, old card is divided into two kinds, one for the elderly free card and the other one for the elderly half-price card.
其中,旧卡分为两种:一种是老年人免费卡,另一种是老年人半价卡。
" To save time for the elderly, the system is upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with card do not need to commute twice. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次。长者如持卡,无须往返两班。」
" To spare time for the elderly, the system is upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with card do not need to commute twice. "
「为长者提供业余时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次,而持卡的长者无须往返两班。」
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证券监督管理委员会 ( 证监会 ) 官方的微博消息, 证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作.
According to a official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证券监督管理委员会 ( 证监会 ) 官方的微博消息, 证券市场监管部门正在与深圳证券交易所和香港证券交易所密切合作.
According to in official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证券监督管理委员会 ( 证监会 ) 官方微博消息, 证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作.
According by the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证券监督管理委员会 ( 证监会 ) 官方的微博消息, 证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作.
According per the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会 ( 证监会 ) 官方的微博消息, 证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作.
According Per the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision department is cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证券监督管理委员会 ( 证监会 ) 官方的微博消息, 证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作.
At the same time, the Commission set up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the meanwhile time, the Commission set up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the latter time, the Commission set up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
紧接着,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the meantime time, the Commission set up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the whole time, the Commission set up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
廉政公署成立「深港股市交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
At the next time, the Commission set up a " Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock market transactions interconnection mechanism " special working group, and actively promote the preparatory work. The work will be open this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
紧接着,廉政公署成立「深港证券市场交易互连机制」专责小组,积极推动筹建工作。筹建工作将於有关规例及技术设备全面制订后于今年展开。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到处罚。
the who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送了一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也可能因欺诈罪而受到处罚。
a who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
一个发送了一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人,即使欺诈行为不成功,也可能因欺诈罪而受到惩罚。
to who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
向谁发送了一定数量的大规模欺诈信息,即使他们未能成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到惩罚。
and who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
并且,谁发送了一定数量的大规模欺诈信息,即使他们没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到惩罚。
of who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
谁发送了一定数量的大规模欺诈信息,即使他们没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到处罚。
The court trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院判决,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The trial trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院的审判认定,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The case trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院的审案认定,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间,通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The preliminary trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院初步审判认定,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间,通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The circuit trial of Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院巡回审判认定,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间,通过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial in Nanyang Wolong District People's Court of Henan province found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the pseudo-base station equipment in Tongbai county and Nanyang district between September 30, 2009 and October 4, 2009.
河南省南阳沃龙区人民法院的审判裁定,被告李惠王于2009年9月30日至2009年10月4日期间透过同白县和南阳区的假基地站设备发送欺诈信息。
In the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南阳市沃龙区的一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,并被警方逮捕。
the the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南阳市沃龙区的一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,并被警方逮捕。
a the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
二零零九年十月五日清晨十时,被告再次来到南阳市沃龙区一间酒店房间,透过一个假垒站发送欺诈讯息。他被警方拘捕。
and the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
二零零九年十月五日清晨十时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,透过一个假垒站发送欺诈讯息。他被警方逮捕。
in the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
二○○九年十月五日清晨十时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,透过一个假垒站发送欺诈讯息,并被警方拘捕。
to the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, 2009, the defendant once again came to a hotel room of Nanyang City Wolong District, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
至同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南阳市沃龙区一间酒店房间,透过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,并被警方逮捕。
After the assessment, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在评估之后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the assessments, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在评估之后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the analysis, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在分析后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,在中断时间为8秒至10分钟,有62,228个移动电话用户。
After the evaluation, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在评估后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the inspection, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在检查后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After the audit, the pseudo-base station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
在审计后,假基地站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个移动电话用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序终结后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After court proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
在法庭审讯后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After constitutional proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
在宪法程序后,法庭裁定,被告李辉宏利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After civil proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
民事诉讼后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After criminal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
刑事诉讼结束后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After preliminary proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used pseudo-base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a specific number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
初步审理后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基地站共向特定数目人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
As the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是未遂犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对认罪有良好态度,似宜采取给予较轻惩罚的意见。
As a defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
由于被告是罪犯,没有造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对认罪态度良好,似宜采取较轻惩罚的意见。
As if defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
被告如企图犯罪,不造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对认罪有良好态度,宜采取较轻处罚的意见。
the the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
被告人是企图犯罪,没有造成严重后果,在被抓时对认罪态度良好,似宜采取给予较轻惩罚的意见。
of the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
被告人企图犯罪,未造成严重后果,在被抓获时对认罪有良好态度,宜采取较轻处罚的意见。
to the defendant was attempted criminal, not resulting in terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt while being caught, it is advisable to take the opinion of giving a lesser punishment.
对被告的未遂犯罪,不造成严重后果,在被抓捕时对认罪有良好态度,似宜采取给予较轻惩罚的意见。
Consider the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的全面犯罪性质和认罪态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的监禁,并处1万元以下罚款。
the the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
被告的犯罪性质和认罪态度,被判处4年零6个月的有期徒刑,并处1万元以下罚款。
to the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
根据被告的全面犯罪性质和认罪态度,被判处4年零6个月的监禁,并处以1万元以下的罚款。
of the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
根据被告人的全面犯罪性质和认罪态度,判处4年零6个月的有期徒刑,并处1万元以下罚款。
and the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
被告的犯罪性质、认罪态度等,被判处4年零6个月的有期徒刑,并处一万元以下罚款。
Consider the total crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
以被告人的犯罪性质和认罪态度为例,判处他4年零6个月的有期徒刑,并处1万元以下罚款。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局称,1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According by the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According of the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According from the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According per the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
根据吉林省林业局的资料,1998年美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
the to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
1998年,美国、俄罗斯和其他国家联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
According by Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
据吉林省林业保护局局长余昌春介绍,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
According per Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
据吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春介绍,近年来吉林省逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
According says Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来,吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
According reported Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
据吉林省林业保护局局长余昌春报道,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量明显增加
According said Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来,吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群正明显增加
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The last monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生东北虎和42只东北豹。
The current monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The present monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The recent monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年的监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生东北虎和42只东北豹。
The new monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin province territory.
2015年新的监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄两国的合作对东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北虎是中俄边境地区保护野生动物的龙头物种。
The cooperation border China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄合作边界对中俄两国东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北豹是中俄边界野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation boundary China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄合作边界对中俄两国东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北豹是中俄边界野生动物保护的龙头物种。
the cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄合作对中俄两国东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北豹是中俄边境地区保护野生动物的龙头物种。
and cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄合作对中俄两国东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北豹是中俄边界野生动物保护的龙头物种。
of cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area ,.
中俄合作对东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北虎是中俄边境地区保护野生动物的龙头物种。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According by Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According through Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
通过吉林省林业局,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According at Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According from Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According per Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
根据吉林省林业局的资料,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At a 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At dialogue 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎和豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At meeting 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎和豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At conference 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At summit 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎和豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According of the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
吉林省林业局认为,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According by the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
吉林省林业局认为,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According per the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
根据吉林省林业局的统计,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According from the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
吉林省林业局表示,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According stated the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
Sun Fujian is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙福建是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,此外,他不动声色,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Tangan is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙坦干是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,不动怒,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Changan is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙长安是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念。
Sun Zhangan is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙章安是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,不动怒,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Qinan is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙岐是党的干部,但在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,因暴力破坏党的纪律,失去了理想和信仰,此外,他不愤世嫉俗,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
Sun Mingan is a Party cadre, but he lost his ideal and belief by violently breaking the discipline of the Party after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he is not astringent and breaks the rules. Such deed is vile and grave indeed.
孙敏干是党的干部,但是在中国共产党第十八届全国代表大会后,他粗暴地违背党的纪律,失去了理想和信念,此外,他不动怒,违反规则,这种行为是卑鄙而严肃的。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the topic of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的主题,对社会的影响极为严重。
After to occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After an occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的重点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After a occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在发生了这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After in occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
After this case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
在此之后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
After the incident, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
事件后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
the the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
本案中,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队主动进行调查。
of the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
针对本案,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队主动进行调查。
and the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attach great importance and immediately organize a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
并举个例子,海口市公安局的刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police Immediately pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately chased and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警察立即在互联网上追逐和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警察还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately hunted and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上搜捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately tracked and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上追踪和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately investigated and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上对嫌疑人进行调查和攻击,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
As the suspect is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是小偷,屡次被公安机关处理,具有较强的反侦察能力,而且长期吸毒,经常吸毒成瘾,使审判工作相当困难。
As the accused is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
由于被告人是小偷,并屡次受到公安机关的处理,他具备很强的反侦察能力,加上长期吸毒,经常吸毒使审判工作变得相当困难。
As the suspected is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
犯罪嫌疑人是小偷,屡次被公安机关处理,具有较强的反侦察能力,而且长期吸毒,经常吸毒成瘾,使审判工作相当困难。
As the case is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
由于该案件是累犯,并多次由公安机关处理,他具有很强的反侦察能力,此外,由于他长期吸毒,经常吸毒成瘾使得审判工作相当困难。
As the motive is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
由于犯罪动机是累犯,并屡次受到公安机关的处理,他具有很强的反侦察能力,加上长期吸毒,经常吸毒成瘾使审判工作变得相当困难。
As the charge is a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with by the public security organs, he has strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the often drug addiction makes trial work quite difficult.
由于指控是累犯,多次由公安机关处理,他具有很强的反侦察能力,加上长期吸毒,经常吸毒使审判工作变得相当困难。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks have also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨还被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks the also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨,又称小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布于格陵兰岛和冰岛周围北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks species also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,在其成人年龄为4至5米。
Greenland sharks is also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland shark are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
the their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
and their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
它们的生长速度极其缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
in their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
of their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
to their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
他们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional dated methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的古代方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional date methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional dates methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的枣类方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
A new study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A was study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
一项由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A recent study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊(Julius Nelson)牵头的一项最新研究,转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜用于放射性碳约会的问题。
A then study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
当时由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A in study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A later study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
后来由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
the method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但它是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
to method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但它是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
in method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
在以前用来确定鲸鱼年龄的方法中,这是第一次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
of method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
曾用于确定鲸鱼年龄的方法,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
and method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
和以前用来确定鲸鱼年龄的方法,但它是第一次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their analysis demonstrated that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their analysis revealed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their analysis found that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的分析发现,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their analyses showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
Their study showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with the error of 120 years old.
他们的研究表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,误差为120岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
the is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
of is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大年龄是512岁。
to is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
and is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The minimum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最低年龄可能是512岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成人年龄,至少要到156岁。
In also, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
另外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成年年龄,至少要到156岁。
In is, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
也就是说,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼被指称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成年年龄,至少要到156岁。
In however, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
然而,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成人年龄,至少要到156岁。
In of, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
其中,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的距离上发育成性,也就是说,它只能达到成年年龄,至少要到156岁。
In to, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it can only reach adulthood at least until the age of 156.
据悉,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它只能达到成人年龄,至少要到156岁。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,研究者在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被称作地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,它超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The researchers therefore wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,研究者们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The researchers hence wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,研究者们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The researchers then wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
研究人员随后在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The researchers so wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
研究人员在论文中这样写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,它超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 )
The researchers further wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
研究人员在论文中进一步写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
Over the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
Over the recent year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
近年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
the the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
in the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年来,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
to the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
到去年,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
of the past year, the exchange reform results are significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, but also laying foundation for promoting the internationalization of the RMB.
过去一年,汇率改革取得了显著成效,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,也为促进人民币的国际化奠定了基础。
From the point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From the perspective of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From the level of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From of point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From in point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From a point of market performance, over the past year, the two-way floating characteristics of RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,人民币汇率的双向浮动特征在过去一年中尚显突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常出现,在波动过程中,人民币的汇率会起起伏波动。
Ever after the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
汇率改革结束后,人民币兑美元汇率经常出现波动,在汇率改革过程中经常出现起伏波动。
Ever Since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自从汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常出现,在波动过程中,人民币的汇率会起起伏波动。
Ever since the exchange reform, a fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率经常出现波动,在波动过程中,人民币会起起伏波动。
Ever since the exchange reform, The fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常出现,在波动过程中,人民币的汇率会起起伏波动。
the since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动经常出现,在汇率变动过程中,人民币汇率会起伏波动。
Last year, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币兑美元汇率在过去十年中大幅升值。
Last the, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
最后,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币兑美元汇率在近10年中大幅升值。
Last I, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
上一节,2005年“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施实施,人民币兑美元汇率在近10年中大幅升值。
Last In, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币对美元汇率在2005年的十年间大幅升值。
Last was, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
最后,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币兑美元汇率在近10年中大幅升值。
Last in, the last remittance measure before " 8. 11 " exchange reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
最后,2005年进行了“8.11”外汇改革前的最后一次汇款措施,人民币兑美元汇率在近10年中大幅升值。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施以来,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
the the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革的实施,改变了人民币的以往升值状态,一年内人民币汇率的中央对等汇率为8%左右。
in the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
在新的汇率改革实施过程中,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
of the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
在新的汇率改革实施过程中,人民币以前的升值状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
and the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
随着新汇率改革的实施,人民币的上扬状况发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, a previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
实行新汇率改革后,人民币的升值状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR权值货币.
of October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币,人民币将变成SDR权值货币。
in October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币,人民币将变成SDR权值货币。
the October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币,人民币将变成SDR权值货币。
to October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
至10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币,人民币将变成SDR权值货币。
and October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
10月1日,国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币,人民币将变成SDR权值货币。
This week, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计表明,今年头7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较去年同期下降3%。
This month, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本月,中国海关总署发布的统计表明,今年头7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较去年同期下降3%。
This Sunday, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周日,中国海关总署发布统计,今年首7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较上年同期下降3%。
This day, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
今日,中国海关总署发布统计,今年头7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较上年同期下降3%。
This Monday, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周一,中国海关总署发布的数据显示,今年首7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较去年同期下降3%。
This Saturday, China's General Administration of Customs released statistics show that the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export value of 13. 21 trillion yuan, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周六,中国海关总署发布统计,今年首7个月中国进出口值为13.21万亿元,较上年同期下降3%。
In July, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
In August, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年8月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
In April, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年4月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
In June, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年6月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
In March, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年3月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
In September, China's total import and export value fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年9月,中国进出口总值同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口总值同比增长2.9%。
Relevant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts thought that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts emphasized that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家强调,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有很高的期望。
Relevant experts suggested that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家建议,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts argued that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts stressed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家强调,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有很高的期望。
In July, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
In June, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年6月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
In May, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年5月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
In August, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年8月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
In December, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
12月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,同比下降0.9%。
In April, China's total import and export valued 2. 09 trillion yuan, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年4月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元,较上年同期下降0.
Among them, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 342. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3428亿元,增长34%。
Among these, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 342. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3428亿元,增长34%。
Among it, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 342. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3428亿元,增长34%。
Among which, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 342. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3428亿元,增长34%。
Among all, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 342. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3428亿元,增长34%。
Among were, the export was valued 1. 22 trillion yuan, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued 873 billion yuan, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued 342. 8 billion yuan, an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口额为122万亿元,增长2.9%;进口额为8730亿元,下降5.7%;贸易顺差额为3428亿元,增长34%。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although a total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据仍保持增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although an total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据仍保持增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although of total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although to total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据却有增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Although and total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data enjoyed growth. This is the fifth consecutive month for export to achieve growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据仍保持增长,这是自今年3月以来出口实现增长连续第五个月。
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " theft fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“盗窃诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " thief fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“盗贼诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " transaction fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“交易诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbed fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,并打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " steal fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“盗版”团伙
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物3300多万元。
in detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了3300多万元,追回了被盗财物。
the detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在发现案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物总额超过3300万元。
to detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
为了同时侦破案件,警方还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物总额超过3300万元。
a detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方同时侦破案件,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物总额超过3300万元。
and detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
同时,警方也查获了案件,催缴了3300多万元,追回了被盗财物。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,数小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the thief gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,数小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the thieves gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据匪帮成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租未经许可的出租车,然后下了出租车,数小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the stealing gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,数小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the steal gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,数小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the stole gang members, they came to Shanghai in the way of chartering unlicensed taxi. Then they came down the taxi and gathered and took taxi several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据被盗的帮派成员说,他们来到上海是为了包租没有许可证的出租车,然后下了出租车,数小时后聚集并乘坐了出租车,最后他们一起离开了上海。
During the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯法期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
During the theft offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯盗窃罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
During the criminal offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在刑事犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙和打破窗户围栏,将自上而下盗窃的地层扫到地上。
During the robbery offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在抢劫犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,将地上层扫到下层盗窃。
of the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人通过爬上外墙和打破窗户围栏,将自上而下盗窃的地平线扫过。
to the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
至犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
Recently, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
最近,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
the, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
of, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
其中,涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
in, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
其中,涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
and, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
涉案嫌疑人被徐汇公安局移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
to, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
徐汇公安局将嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going in. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在入内前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going outside. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going inside. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft window.
警方提醒市民在入内前必须锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)将于8月底前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In mid August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月中旬前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In early August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月初前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In Late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月下旬前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议,据《中国之音晚间新闻高峰》报道。
In August August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In July August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于今年8月前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 的 主要 成员 是 日本, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The Africa Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 由 日本 主持, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
the African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 的 主要 成员 是 日本, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
to African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
日本主导了非洲发展会议,前五次会议在东京、日本或横滨举行,因此,这次会议将是向非洲迈出的第一步。
of African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
日本主导了非洲发展会议,前五次会议在东京、日本或横滨举行,因此,这次会议将是向非洲迈出的第一步。
and African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲发展会议由日本主导,前五次会议在东京、日本或横滨举行,因此,这次会议将是非洲会议的第一步。
Japanese Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
日本外务省官员说,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
of Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
外交部官员表示,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
and Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
外交部官员表示,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲各国对日本的关注。
to Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
外交部官员表示,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
the Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
外交部官员说,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
in Foreign Ministry officials said the meeting held in Africa will help to attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan.
外交部官员表示,在非洲举行的会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
”根据日本联合新闻社的报道,根据安倍晋三的行程,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
In step with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
日本自由民主党将派遣议会团体前往有关国家,这与安倍晋三的访问步调一致。
In accordance with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
根据安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)的消息,日本自由民主党(Japan Liber Democrats)将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
In compliance with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
日本自由民主党根据安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)的消息,将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
In conjunction with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
”根据日本联合新闻社的报道,在安倍晋三出访的同时,日本自由民主党(Kyodo Democrats)将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
In part with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
据京都通讯社报道,在安倍晋三出访之际,日本自由民主党(Japan Liber Democrats)将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " request to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 要求 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " applications to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 开始 于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 开始 于 1993年, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " proposal to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 建议 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " petition to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 请愿 ” 始于 上 一 个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " bid to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 努力 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Africa is 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
to has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
日本在联合国拥有53个席位,因此是联合国一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
the has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
日本在联合国拥有53个席位,因此是联合国一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
and has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
并且在联合国有53个席位,因此是联合国一个重要的票仓,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
of has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wanted to join the United Nations Security Council ?
日本在联合国拥有53个席位,因此是联合国一个重要的票仓。如果日本想加入联合国安理会,它怎么能放弃非洲?
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It shall also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还应与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It can also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还可以与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
and will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
并将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交换意见。
the will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交换意见。
in will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交换意见。
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方 集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Central Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 中组 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Northern Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 北方集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" West Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西部集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Africa Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 非洲集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Southern Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 南方集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
tomio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田厚夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
inmio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田美夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
ofmio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田美夫最近还在联合国安全理事会上表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
themio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田三夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
andmio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田美夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将提供1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has said here that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里表示,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将提供1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has announced there that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在会上宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,五年内将提供1,000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has announced above that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍已宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,它将在五年内提供1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)。
Abe has announced this that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍已宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,它将在五年内提供1000亿日元(约合61亿 元 ) 。
Abe has announced below that in order to stabilize the stability of sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家的稳定,安倍宣布,五年内将提供1,000亿日元(约合61亿 元 ) 。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally think that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally consider that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers largely believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察家普遍认为,日本慷慨地支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers usually believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士通常认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers therefore believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
因此,观察家认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In regards of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" On terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江说。
" The terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“从政治的角度来看,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江说。
" the terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“从政治的角度来看,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江说。
" on terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“从政治角度讲,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 结束, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
the will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
未来不会放弃,它关于非洲的工作不会终止,而是会逐渐加强。
to will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
今后不会放弃,其关于非洲的工作不会终止,而会逐步加强。
of will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
今后不会放弃,其关于非洲的工作不会终止,而会逐步加强。
and will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
今后 也 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 终止, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
in will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
今后 将 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 终止, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本在经济上具有很强的生产能力,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下,国内需求相对疲软。
Economic overall, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
整体经济而言,日本的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下的内需相对疲软。
toally, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
整体而言,日本的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下的内需相对疲软。
ofally, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
整体而言,日本的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下的内需相对疲软。
andally, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下的内需相对疲软。
theally, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本的生产能力很强,但国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下的内需相对疲软。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from andichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉安一郎(Angichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from aichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉一郎(Aichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍(Abe),日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from inichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉一郎(Inichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍(Abe),日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from anichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉一郎(Anichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍(Abe),日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from toichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉一郎(Toichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
Yang Bojiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨波江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Pingjiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨平江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Lujiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨鲁江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Wenjiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨文江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Yajiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨亚江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
Yang Hejiang believed that the intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is be clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles.
杨河江认为,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路上肯定会充满障碍。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本首先应该和周边国家一起做好自己的工作,而无论在地缘政治竞争中,在民族纠纷中,或在对历史问题的理解中,日本都需要采取正确的态度。
To attain its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本应该首先与周边国家合作,并且无论在地缘政治竞争中,在民族纠纷中,或在对历史问题的理解中,日本都应该有一个正确的态度。
to achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本首先应该和周边国家一起做好自己的工作,而无论在地缘政治竞争中,在民族纠纷中,或在对历史问题的理解中,日本都需要采取正确的态度。
a achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
日本要实现自己的目标,首先应该与周边国家做好工作,而无论在地缘政治竞争中、在民族争议中、在历史问题上,日本都需要采取正确的态度。
the achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
日本要实现自己的目标,首先应该和周边国家一起做好自己的工作,而无论在地缘政治竞争中,在民族纠纷中,或在对历史问题的理解中,日本都需要采取正确的态度。
of achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly do a good job with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude no matter in geopolitical competition or in the national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
日本要实现自己的目标,首先要与周边国家做好工作,而无论在地缘政治竞争中、在民族争议中、在对历史问题的理解中,日本都要保持正确的态度。
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
tokou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
东口海事法院清晨登记案件,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
andkou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
和口海事法院清晨登记案件,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
thekou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海事法院清晨登记案件,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
ofkou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海事法院清晨登记案件,确保林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
inkou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海事法院在清晨登记案件,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的亲属赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
The families of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的家属赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
the relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的亲属赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
and relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的亲属赶往海口海事法院,提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请,以备起诉。
of relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
八月七日凌晨四时,这三名船员的亲属前往海口海事法院递交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请,以备起诉。
in relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application of preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
八月七日上午四时,这三名船员的亲属前往海口海事法院递交保存财产的申请,并检获该可疑货船,以备起诉。
After the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,指称的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
of the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
关于8月4日事件,指称的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
to the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
至八月四日事件时,指称的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
the the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件中,指称的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
in the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件中,指称的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
and the incident on August 4, the alleged cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
和8月4日事件,指称的货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
In view of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害人于8月7日上午向法院递交押金保险申请。
In light of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院提交了存款保险申请。
In consequence of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
由于8月7日上午9时00分在海事局的72小时拘留期已满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院提交了存款保险申请。
In accordance of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
根据8月7日上午9时00分在海事局的72小时拘留期届满,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院递交了存款保险申请。
In order of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
8月7日上午9时00分在海事局被拘留72小时期满后,亲属受害者于8月7日上午向法院递交了存款保险申请。
In account of the expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in Maritime Bureau, the victims of relatives filed a deposit insurance application to the court in the morning of August 7.
海事局因8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期届满,亲属受害人于8月7日上午向法院递交押金保险申请。
At 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
上午4时20分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察耐心地接受其执勤。
At 4 : 30 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
上午4时30分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察耐心地收到了申请。
At 4 : 00 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
上午4时00分,申诉人提交了诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察耐心地接受其执勤。
of 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
:上午4时20分,原告提交诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察耐心地接受该申请。
in 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
于上午4时20分,原告提出诉讼前财产保全申请,并被值班的司法警察耐心地接收。
to 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed a pre-litigation property preservation and were received patiently by judicial police on duty.
至 4:20 上午,原告提出诉讼前财产保全申请,司法警察在执勤时耐心地接受申请。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The present forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The currently forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The founding forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
成立典礼由山东大学政治及公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The original forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
原论坛由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The inaugural forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, the Executive Vice President of School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
成立典礼由山东大学政治和公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
What are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何挑战?
What are a challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理的挑战是什么?
What are that challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理的挑战是什么?
What are in challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理的挑战是什么?
What are and challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何影响和挑战?
How does national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
How does national governance adapt to a changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a thorough analysis of the above issues.
到那时,范德尚将对上述问题进行透彻的分析。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analyses of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive review of the above issues.
到那时,范德尚将对上述问题进行全面审查。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive investigation of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题展开全面调查。
Fan Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
Fan Dehang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范德宏是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学(Cornell University)的主任。
Fan Sihang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范思宏是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
Fan Panhang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范潘宏是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
Fan Anhang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范安宏是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
Fan Dahang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of Cornell University in Beijing.
范大宏是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任北京康奈尔大学的主任。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current work focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的工作侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The present research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
本研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The recent research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
最近的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The Current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The is research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership, and global governance.
研究的重点是全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Bon Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入新亮点「2016博文化节」-香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional customs introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Bon Culture Festival "-The opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统风俗引入新亮点2016博文化节--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional traditions introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Bon Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统在香港维多利亚公园的开幕式上引入了“2016年博览会文化节”的新亮点
Traditional rites introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Bon Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统仪式推出「2016博文节」新亮点--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional rituals introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Bon Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统礼仪推出「2016博文化节」新亮点--香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Traditional festivities introduced a new bright spot " 2016 Bon Culture Festival "-The Opening Ceremony of Victoria Park, Hong Kong
传统节日推出新亮点「2016博文节」-香港维多利亚公园开幕典礼
Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓乐 、 传统点心 、 花哨装饰和风雨般的人群场面.
tos and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
随声听音乐、鼓鼓乐、传统零食、华丽的装饰和暴风雨般的人群场面。
thes and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
音乐的鼓鼓、传统小吃、华丽的装饰和暴风雨般的人群场面。
ands and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
和鼓鼓的音乐,传统零食,华丽的装饰和暴风雨般的人群场面。
ofs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene.
乐鼓、传统零食、华丽的装饰和暴风雨般的人群场面。
Gongs and drums of music, the traditional snacks, variety decoration and stormy crowd scene.
鼓鼓鼓鼓乐 、 传统点心 、 各种装饰和风雨般的人群场面.
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的大俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Youth Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州青年组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的大俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow community Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的大俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Cultural Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.
由香港潮州文化组织联合会主办的「2016年清新文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的大俱乐部。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Association Organizations, " 2016 Bon Culture Festival " was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest grand club in Hong Kong.
由香港卓协联办的「2016博文化节」于本月十二日至十四日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的大俱乐部。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还添加了全家的“母池堆”。
in addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还添加了全家的“母池堆”。
to addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还为全家增添了“母池堆”。
and addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了继续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还为全家增添了“母池堆”。
of addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了继续现有的“攀登比赛”之外,还添加了全家的“母池堆”的“母盆”。
the addition to the continuation of the existing " Climbing Competition ", " parent basin for the heap " for the entire family is also added.
续续现有的“攀登比赛”、“母盆堆”为全家增添。
Bon culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
以漫画书的形式介绍了博文文化史,并在现场设置了博文主题3D自定时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅游者前来参观。
Bon culture History is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
文文化史以漫画书的形式引入,文主题3D自定时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室在现场设置,吸引众多朋友和海外旅游者参观。
Bon culture culture is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
文雅文化以漫画书的形式引入,同时,文雅主题3D自定时间区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室在现场设置,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅游者前来参观。
Bon culture history was introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
文雅文化史以漫画书的形式出现,文雅主题3D自定时间区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室在现场设置,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅游者参观。
Bon culture history are introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
以漫画书的形式介绍了博文文化史,并在现场设置了博文主题3D自定时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅游者参观。
the culture history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Bon theme 3D self-timer area, traditional snack area and traditional craft flow classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many friends and overseas travelers for visit.
以漫画书形式介绍文化史,并在现场设置了Bon主题3D自时区、传统快餐区和传统工艺流程教室,吸引了众多朋友和海外旅客参观。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
A French couple stood at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场站了近3个小时,在迷你花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
A French couple waited at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场等了近3个小时,在迷你花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
A French couple stuck at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场停留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
A French couple stayed at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在小型花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
A French couple remained at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card flow classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场待了近3个小时,在小型花卡流的教室里体验了很多。
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后, 我决定过来,觉得很清新.
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided to join and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上了解了这个特殊的节日之后, 我决定加入,觉得很清新.
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided come come and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后, 我决定过来,觉得很清新.
" Since knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
由于在网上认识了这个特殊的节日, 我决定过来,觉得很清新.
" With knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后,我决定来了,感觉很清新。
" F knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I felt quite fresh. "
“ 在网上认识这个特殊的节日, 我决定过来,觉得挺新鲜的. ”
They said, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
They stated, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
They explained, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们解释说,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
They mentioned, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们提到,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
They say, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
They saying, although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors, the atmosphere is quite solemn. But here you can enjoy music, food and also can learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然有类似的纪念祖先的节日,气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
She said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模庞大、组织有序的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”
She concluded, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
她最后说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模庞大、组织有序的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”
and said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
并说:"在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模庞大、组织有序的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人愉快"。
to said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到大型的、有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人愉快。”
the said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到规模庞大、组织有序的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人愉快。”
a said, " It is quite pleasant to see sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis of Hong Kong ".
说,“在如此繁忙的香港金融大都市里,看到大型的、有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人愉快。”
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Bon Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青春的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道,博文节背后的文化就是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Mon Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道蒙节背后的文化是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the May Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道五月节背后的文化是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Grand Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道大庆文化背后是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the A Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人懂得一个节的文化是表达孝道和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, so that young people know that the culture behind the Mar Festival is to express the filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人知道,马会背后的文化就是表达孝道和感恩。
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
他还说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"攀登比赛",不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
and also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
并说,这次共有24支队伍参加了“攀登比赛”,不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
to also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
也说这次共有24支队伍参加了“攀登比赛”,不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
the also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
也说这次共有24支队伍参加了“攀登比赛”,不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
of also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
也说这次共有24支队伍参加了“攀登比赛”,不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
He the said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " climbing competition ", which is not only organized by communities, but also in combination with schools and attended by students.
他说,这次共有24支队伍参加了“攀登比赛”,不仅由社区组织,而且与学校和学生一起参加。
It is understood that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港千州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It was understood that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港千州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is accepted that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,香港仇州社区组织联合会于2011年被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is known that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港仇州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is understand that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据了解,2011年,香港仇州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
It is believed that the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations is listed as " national intangible cultural heritage list " in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港仇州社区组织联合会被列为“全国非物质文化遗产名录”。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,前往墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
On the night of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧场收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,飞向墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
the the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧场收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,飞向墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
of the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧院收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,飞向墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
in the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团收看了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,飞向墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
and the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater took its famous TV play " White Snake " and traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City. They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
和本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧院拿起了著名的电视剧《白蛇》,飞向墨西哥城数千英里,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等五大城市演出了七部歌剧。
As a key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等五大城市演出了七部歌剧。
As tour key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的巡回重点演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等五大城市演出了七部歌剧。
of the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
在8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”重点演出项目中,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等5个城市演出了7部歌剧。
in the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
在8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”重点演出项目中,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等五大城市演出了七部歌剧。
to the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other five cities.
在8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”重点演出项目中,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等5个城市演出了7部歌剧。
The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
the audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
to audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
and audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
in audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
在观众中,有时微笑着,有时因“白蛇”插曲的变化和结尾以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
of audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众们有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I heard the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
15年前,我听过玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I witnessed the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我亲眼目睹了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I saw the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我看到了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I studied the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her daughter in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我研究了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴女儿的表演。
I watched the performance of Marissa Jimenez Kachie accompanying her son in the Peking opera performance 15 years ago.
我观看了15年前玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇在北京歌剧表演中陪伴儿子的表演。
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I think it is necessary to let her daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让她女儿了解中国文化和中国歌剧艺术。”
" This was a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me...... I think it is necessary to let her daughter understand the Chinese culture and Chinese opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让她女儿了解中国文化和中国歌剧艺术。”
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象.
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression upon the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象.
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on this young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给这位年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象.
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on a young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给一位年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象。
The enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on her young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给她年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象.
The excitement of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的兴奋情绪给年轻的白人女演员留下了深刻的印象.
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" it never occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" It not occurred to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我并没有想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" It never realized to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未意识到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" It never realised to me that the Mexican audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未意识到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexico audience were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them catch the story and the laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但是今天看到他们领悟这个故事和笑声实在超出我的预料。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Zhaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱兆表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”开展的各种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Bingqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱炳表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”开展的各种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Zhengqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱正表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Yinqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱茵奇表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”开展的各种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qiu Qingqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱庆奇表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”开展的各种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Next year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
Next Year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
Next 2017 is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
2017年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
Next 2018 is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
2018年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
to year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
今年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
the year is the 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
今年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
of Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
齐桂来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求其提高城市建设管理水平
the Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
齐桂来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求其提高城市建设管理水平
to Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
and Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
齐桂来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求其提高城市建设管理水平
in Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required to enhance the level of urban construction and management
齐桂来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求其提高城市建设管理水平
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
In a morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
于本月十二日上午,刘志贵主持座谈会,听取“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取有关部门的意见和评论。
the the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
于本月12日上午,刘志贵主持了一次研讨会,听取了“双重修复与双城”试行计划的进展报告,以及有关部门的建议与意见。
in the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
于本月12日上午,刘志贵主持座谈会,听取了“双复和双城”试行计划的进展报告,以及有关部门的建议和评论。
of the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
于本月12日上午,刘志贵主持了一次研讨会,听取了“双恢复双城市”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
and the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
于本月12日上午,刘思桂主持座谈会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stage results and good experiences and practice.
刘志贵充分肯定了舞台演出的结果和良好的经验与实践。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stage result and good experiences and practice.
刘志贵充分肯定了舞台结果和良好的实践经验.
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the Stage results and good experiences and practice.
刘志贵充分肯定了整个阶段的成绩和良好的经验和实践。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stages results and good experiences and practice.
刘志贵充分肯定了各阶段的成果和良好的经验和实践。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the phase results and good experiences and practice.
刘志贵充分肯定了相片结果和良好的经验和实践。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济和社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
and Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
与济贵强调三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
of Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
齐桂强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
the Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
济贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
to Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
对济贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
in Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and take the pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City " as key content to give full play to the leading role of demonstration during the economic and social development in order to firmly grasp historical development opportunities.
在济贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,以“双回双城”试点工作为关键内容,充分发挥示范在经济和社会发展中的主导作用,牢牢把握历史发展机遇。
We should lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
引导国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上构建国际精品。
We can lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
完善国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上构建国际精品。
We will lead to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
进一步完善国际旅游国际化,丰富国际旅游内容,建设国际小型酒店。
We should bring to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
完善国际旅游国际化,丰富国际旅游元素,从细节上建设国际小型酒店。
We should drive to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
努力完善国际旅游国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上构建国际小点。
We should promote to improve the internationalization of international tourism and enrich international elements and build international boutique from the details.
积极推进国际旅游国际化,丰富国际旅游内容,从细节上构建国际小型酒店。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the building of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the development of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of distinctive town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of unique town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快建设特色城镇,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of quality town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快建设优质城镇,把旅游纳入每个项目,把三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
We should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
领导“百日社会服务投资”活动,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的落成,落实大动向的各项要求。
We must lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
领导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
We can lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
带领“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的落成,落实大动向的各项要求。
We will lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
领导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量工程的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
We should lead on " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
引导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点工程和园区建设,确保高质量工程的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
We should lead out " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality project and implement the various requirements of the big move.
引导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点工程和园区建设,确保高质量工程的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, a Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and Huiya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、胡亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and aya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会和阿亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and theya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会和亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, the Provincial Standing Committee and ，ya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of provincial government participated in the research seminars.
张琦、省常委会、亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
In the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一个中国人。
In the 13 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她的13年体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚奥运金牌的第一位中国人。
In the 16 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她16年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一个中国人。
In the 17 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她的17年体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚奥运金牌的第一位中国人。
In the 15 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她15年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚奥运金牌的第一位中国人。
In the 18 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她的18年体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚奥运金牌的第一位中国人。
She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她连续8年在乒乓球比赛中位居榜首,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球比赛史上最长时间里名列“世界第一位”的女性运动员。
She finished first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她首次在乒乓球比赛中取得8年的成绩,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球史上最长时间里,被评为“世界第一位”的女性运动员。
She was first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
在乒乓球运动史上,她第一次在乒乓球比赛中站了8年,保持了世界第一位,并且是位女性运动员,在乒乓球运动史上排行榜上的“世界第一位”。
She became first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
在乒乓球史上,她连续8年首次进入乒乓球赛场,保持了世界第一位,并且是位“世界第一位”的女性运动员。
and ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
位居乒乓球榜首,连续8年位居乒乓球榜首,位居世界第一位,是乒乓球史上最久的“世界第一位”女运动员。
in ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
位居乒乓球榜首,连续8年位居榜首,保持世界第一位,也是乒乓球史上最长久以来“世界第一位”的女运动员。
On September 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 27, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月27日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 25, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月25日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 24, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月24日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 10, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月10日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On September 1, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月1日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
Recently, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
of, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
与余明通合作,建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
in, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
届时,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
to, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
为此,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
the, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
届时,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
and, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
并且,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批的冠军。
There is also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
中国的体育圈里也有一支明星教练队,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批冠军。
the was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
这也是中国体育圈的一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批冠军。
in was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批冠军。
of was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
也是中国体育圈的明星教练队,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批冠军。
to was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glory for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the new comers and cultivated a great number of champions.
成为中国体育圈的明星教练队,在运动员时代,他们非常漂亮,为国家赢得了无数荣誉,退休后,他们把学到的东西传给了新来者,培养了大批冠军。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌在退休后选择拿起指针。
the the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
黄玉斌是中国男子体操比赛的首个世界冠军,他退役后选择拿起指针。
to the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
在中国男子体操比赛中,黄玉斌成为世界第一位男子体操冠军,退休后选择拿起指针。
of the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
黄玉斌在中国男子体操比赛中是世界第一位冠军,他退役后选择拿起指针。
and the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
黄玉斌是中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,他退役后选择拿起指针。
in the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
在中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军中,黄玉斌在退休后选择了拿指针。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
of the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
在女子队主教练中,黄玉斌对男队主教练、对主教练创立了“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
the the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
女队教练对男队教练,对主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金球队”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
and the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
女队教练对男队主教练、男队主教练黄玉斌创立了“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
to the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
黄玉斌对女子队主教练对男队主教练对男队主教练对男队主教练对男队主教练对男队主教练黄玉斌创立了“奥运金团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the assistant coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队助理教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
Since then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天良经历了广告的承销,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Since now, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
从现在起,天良就一直在经历广告的承销,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Since since, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
从那以后,天亮就经历了广告的背书,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Since also, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天亮也经历了广告的承销,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
of then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
从那时起,天亮就经历了广告的背书,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
to then, Tian Liang has been experiencing advertising endorsement. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
到那时,天亮已经经历了广告的认可,他甚至担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的力量, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But when there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员已经证明了他们的实力, 但是只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But where there is progress, there is decline.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的实力, 但是只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many Suns players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多Sun的球员证明了他们的实力, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many Jazz players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多爵士球员证明了他们的实力, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Many the players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is decline.
许多球员证明了他们的力量, 但只要有进步, 就会下降.
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的延长或者比赛时间的限制,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
and it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
由于球员年龄的增加或比赛时间的限制,一些球员每个赛季的成绩都会下降。
of it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
由于球员年龄的增加或比赛时间的限制,一些球员每个赛季的成绩都会下降。
the it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
这是因为球员的年龄越长或者比赛时间越短,他们每个赛季的成绩都会下降。
Whether this is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will have regressive performance each season.
无论是年龄增加还是比赛时间有限,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limited playing time, some players will develop regressive performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的延长或者比赛时间的限制,一些球员每个赛季都会有递减的成绩。
Of course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是数据萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有被降低。
of course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是数据萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有被削弱。
and course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是数据萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有被降低。
to course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“撤退”可能只是数据缩水,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有被降低。
the course, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
课程中,一些“撤退”可能只是数据缩水,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有被降低。
Of and, some " retreat " may only be data shrink, but the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
在和,一些“撤退”可能只是数据萎缩,但是这些玩家的力量可能并没有被降低。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现也不如热队好。
Even though Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
尽管韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,但他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
Even while Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现也不如热队好。
Even although Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
尽管韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,但他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
the if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
如果韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
and if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Heat.
如果韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现不如热队好。
The backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为32.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
the backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围是有限的,主星巴特勒的三点命中率只有32.8%,这使得他们的下赛季进攻颇具挑战性。
of backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为32.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
to backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场射程有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为32.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
and backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为32.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
in backcourt range of he and Londo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite challenging.
在他和伦多的后场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为32.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻颇具挑战性。
After coming to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
来到风城后,红星无疑会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After coming by Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
由冯成来后,红星一定会把球对准巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After coming from Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
红星从风城来后,一定会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After returning to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
回到冯承后,红星一定会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After starting to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
在风程开始后,红星一定会把球对准巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
After signing to Feng Cheng, the Red Star will definitely give the ball right to Butler and Rondo and he himself choose to play healthy in the regular season.
在与冯成签约后,红星无疑会把球给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规赛中健康地踢球。
Okafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与Simmons和Enby争夺比赛时间和球位。
aafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与Simmons和Enby争夺比赛时间和球位。
ofafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与Simmons和Enby争夺比赛时间和球位。
toafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与Simmons和Enby争夺比赛时间和球位。
theafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与Simmons和Enby争夺比赛时间和球位。
inafor's situation is more embarrassing. As the first choice of 76 people last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Enby in the new season.
作为上赛季76人的首选,他不得不在新赛季与Simmons和Enby争夺比赛时间和球位。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中占据一席之地。
This competition will not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中找到位置。
This event may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
西蒙斯也需要适应NBA的球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中占据一席之地。
This competitions may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
西蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中找到位置。
This selection may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
这个选择可能不会很快,Simmons也需要适应NBA球场,Enbi也必须尽快从伤病中完全恢复,但是Okafor能否在76人的长阵容中有一个位置。
This qualification may not come soon. Simmons also need to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Enbi must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of 76 people.
西蒙斯还需要适应NBA球场,Enbi必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中找到位置。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福的得分有32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前40。
Last year, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
去年,Okafor分数的32%来自低攻击率,这一比率高于Couses、Wuchevich和Brook Lopez,而他的使用率也是该联盟前40名。
Last League, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上届联赛,Okafor分数的32%来自低攻,这一比率高于表亲、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的使用率也是联盟前40名。
Last league, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上届联赛,奥卡福得分的32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率也是联赛前40名。
Last team, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
最后一个球队,奥卡福32%的得分来自低攻,比克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹的得分要高,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前40。
in season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from the low attack. Such rate is higher than Cousins, Wuchevich and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
在季后赛中,奥卡福的32%来自低攻,这一比率高于克萨斯、武切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的使用率也是联盟前40名。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经表现出了良好的前锋优势,恩比的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already playing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经发挥了一个很好的点前优势,恩比还有更好的地位更适合NBA的比赛和奥卡佛的位置是难以如此坚实的。
With Simmons already developing a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
随着西蒙斯已经发展出一个良好的前锋优势,恩比也有一个更好的地位更适合NBA的比赛和奥卡佛的立场是难以如此坚实的。
With Simmons already showed a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经表现出了良好的前锋优势,恩比的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already shown a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经表现出了良好的前锋优势,恩比的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already show a good point-forward potention, Enbi also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经表现出了良好的前锋优势,恩比的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
Over his past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
Over the last two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
Over the recent two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在最近的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
the the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
in the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
the the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
of the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
to the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
and the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
in the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance ratio will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观比例肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
This impact will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这种冲击不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会减少对手的防守难度。
This effects will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
This result will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这个结果将不仅是射击次数的影响,汤普森在下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会减少对手的防守难度。
This Effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这个效果将不仅是射击次数的影响,汤普森在下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会减少对手的防守难度。
of effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
效果不单是射击次数的影响,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大打折扣,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
of this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
这并不是说汤普森向后退了,而更可能是他对整个团队做出了牺牲。
the this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
and this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
in this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
这并不意味着汤普森向后退,他更可能为整个团队做出牺牲。
to this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
这并不是说汤普森向后退了,而更可能是他对整个团队做出了牺牲。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a stronger performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a improved performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上赛季有所提高,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker did a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker got a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker took a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retire, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retiring, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
and retired, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
the retired, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
基诺比利宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
to retired, Ginobili announced a second battles for a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
基诺比利退役后宣布了一年的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
After getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After winning the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在赢得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After earning the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在赢得第三个冠军戒指之后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After having the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
to getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了第三枚冠军戒指,比詹姆斯赢得了更多的常规MVP,而只有乔丹获得了超过詹姆斯的FMVP。
in getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指时,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
and, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
而且,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
of, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
在过去52年中,詹姆斯刚刚在克利夫兰颁发了首个职业体育冠军奖杯。
to, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
对,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
the, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了过去52年来在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy to Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚把过去52年中第一个职业体育冠军奖杯带到了克利夫兰。
Coming to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入他职业生涯的第14个赛季时,需要更好地保持他的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming to a 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入了他的职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持自己的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming into the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入了职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持体力,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming entering the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯即将进入他职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持自己的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming beginning the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯开始他的第14个职业生涯,他需要更好地保持他的力量和准备季后赛。
Coming on the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入了他的职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持自己的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的负担,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
Therefore, during the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛期间,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的负担,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
Therefore, after the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛结束后,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的负担,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
the, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的压力,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
and, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
而且,在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的压力,但他仍然很容易成为联赛前三名球员。
of, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline, he will give more weight to Owen to bear, but he will still easily become the league's top three players.
在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会给欧文更多的压力,但他仍然很容易成为联盟的三大球员。
" I must carry forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的中国去申请俄罗斯. ”
" I must carry forward what I learned in Beijing to apply to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续学在北京学到的东西,去申请俄罗斯. ”
" I must carry forward what I learned in China to apply in Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的在中国应用在俄罗斯. ”
" I must carry forward what I learnt in China to apply to Russia ".
“ 我一定要把在中国学到的东西继续应用到俄国. ”
On the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
当地时间9月12日,莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
in the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京在当地时间第12天看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
the the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会会长黄京在当地时间第12天看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
of the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京在看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
and the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
以及当地时间第12天,莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京在看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
to the 12th day of the month of the local time, Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly while she saw the reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会主席黄京在看到中国新闻网记者时激动地说。
Not long ago, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long before, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long earlier, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long past, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久以前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long recently, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
Not long on, she participated in the " overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy, painting ) training " hosted by Chinese State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 、 绘画 ) ” 培训.
While participating in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加培训班时,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出自己的作品。
While attending in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加培训班时,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出自己的作品。
While joining in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加训练课程时,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出自己的作品。
While entering in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加训练课程时,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出自己的作品。
While undergoing in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
刚参加训练课程时,她不知道从哪儿开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出自己的作品。
While starting in the training course just now, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. As a result, after the end of the course, she has been able to draw and write her own works.
在刚开始的培训课程中,她不知道从哪开始绘画和书法,结果,在课程结束后,她能够画出自己的作品。
After returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将利用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为中国文化的传承和中国文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
to returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将运用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
and returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我会运用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为中国文化的传承和弘扬做出自己的贡献。
the returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将运用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
of returning back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科,我将利用在中国学到的知识和技能,回到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
After coming back to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将把在中国学到的知识和技能运用到俄罗斯,为中国文化的传承和弘扬做出自己的贡献。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也参加了这次培训班,他也有同样的感觉。
the the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也有同样的感觉,他也参加了这次培训班。
in the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也有同样的感觉,他也参加了这次培训班。
of the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也有同样的感觉,他也参加了这次培训班。
to the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也怀有同样的感情,他也参加了这次培训班。
and the same time, Na Yanwei, the Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association who also participated in this training course had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也有同样的感觉,他也参加了这次培训班。
She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她感到自己是“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
She wrote that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
她写道,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她感到自己肩负着“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
She remembered that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
她记得在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她觉得自己是“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
She sang that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
她唱道,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她感到自己肩负着“中国文化海外传播者”的重任。
She was that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
她是在老师的帮助下取得了很大进步的,她觉得自己是“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
and said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being the " overseas communicator of Chinese culture "
并且说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她感到自己是“中华文化海外传播者”的重任。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
and said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中间弘扬中国的传统文化。
the said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
在她回到俄罗斯之后,她一定会在热爱中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
in said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
在她回到俄罗斯之后,她一定会在热爱中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中推行传统的中国文化。
to said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
她回到俄罗斯后,一定会在热爱中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中间弘扬中国的传统文化。
of said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russians who love Chinese culture.
例如,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中国文化的中国人和俄罗斯人中间弘扬中国的传统文化。
At 19 : 35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
19:35,今天,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆丽凡足球俱乐部在客场挑战了北京国安天才足球俱乐部。
At 20 : 35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
20:35,今天,在中国足球协会第22轮超级联赛中,重庆李凡足球俱乐部在客场挑战了北京国安天才足球俱乐部。
At 17 : 35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
17:35,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆李凡足球俱乐部在客场挑战了北京国安天才足球俱乐部。
At 18 : 35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
今天18点35分,在中国足球协会第22轮超级联赛中,重庆李凡足球俱乐部在客场对北京国安天才足球俱乐部进行了挑战。
At 12 : 35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
今天12点35分,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆李凡足球俱乐部在客场对北京国安天才足球俱乐部进行了挑战。
At 11 : 35 today, in one match of the 22nd round of Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan Football Club challenged Beijing Guoan Talent Football Club in the visiting field.
今天11点35分,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆李凡足球俱乐部在客场对北京国安天才足球俱乐部进行了挑战。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
At a 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
in the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
and the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
the the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
第29分钟,王东夺得一球,第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,第81分钟,郭安夺得一分。
to the 29th minute, Wang Dong led to scoring one ball. At the 39th minute, with assistance by Fernando, the new support Kardec won the first score of the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan regained a score.
到了第29分钟,王东以第39分钟,在费尔南多的帮助下,卡德科赢得了中国足球协会超级联赛第1分,在第81分钟,郭安又夺得了第1分。
When the match went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并有机会进入球场,费尔南多进行了小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
When the game went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当这场比赛持续了10分钟后,李凡继续打了球,并赢得了角球的机会。费尔南多进行了小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
When the tie went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当这条领带持续10分钟时,李凡继续打了球,并有机会在角落打球,费尔南多打了小角截击,被郭安击退了基线。
When the competition went on for 10 minutes, Lifan made continued hit and gained a chance for corner. Fernando made small-angle volley and was fended off the base line by Guoan.
比赛进行10分钟后,李凡继续打球,并有机会进入球场角,费尔南多进行了小角射门,被郭安击退了基线。
At the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第15分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔玛斯直射罚球区,刘雨抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At its 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第15分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔玛斯直射罚球区,刘雨抢球第一腿,并打了一场。
At a 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第15分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔马斯直射罚球区,防守的刘玉抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At an 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第15分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔玛斯直射罚球区,刘雨抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
At fellow 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第15分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔玛斯直射罚球区,刘雨抢球第一腿,打了一场。
At the 14th minute, Zhang Xizhe flip through in straight line of the midfield. Ilmaz has been straight for the penalty area and the defensive Liu Yu grab the first leg of the ball and made a fight.
第14分钟,张西哲在中场直线转球,伊尔马斯直射罚球区,防守的刘玉抓住球的第一条腿,打了一场。
One minute later, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓小芳夺了球门。
One minute early, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟前,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓小芳夺了球门。
One minute after, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓小芳夺了球门。
One minute late, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓小芳夺了球门。
One minute before, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟前,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓小芳夺了球门。
One minute behind, Pu Cheng crossed on the left wing and Yu Dabao strafed the unkicked-out part of the mid-way in the penalty area. Lifang goalkeeper Deng Xiaofang confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,普成在左翼交叉,余大保在罚球区中途击退了球员,李芳门将邓小芳夺了球门。
Fernando flipped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧的右侧拉着球门,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Fernando took pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右翼的后排传球,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚罚罚球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Fernando ran pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右翼的后排跑过球门,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Fernando kicked pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右翼的后排踢球,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Fernando dropped pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧的后排投球,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚罚罚球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Fernando curled pass the goal in the back-drawing on his right wing. Alan Kardec was put down by Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多蜷曲着右翼的后排球门,阿兰·卡德克被雷腾龙击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Guoan changed a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转过身子,转过身来进行防守。
Guoan switched a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转过身子,转过身来进行防守。
Guoan dropped a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安把一个人摔倒了,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转身拿起武器进行防守。
Guoan substituted a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转过身来,转过身来进行防守。
Guoan change a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转过身来,转过身来进行防守。
Guoan changing a person at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to defense.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一个人,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,转过身子,转过身来进行防守。
Alan Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
阿兰·卡德克在罚球区前淘汰球,费尔南多推球.
and Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
卡尔德克在罚球区前把球扔掉,费尔南多推球。
the Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
卡尔德克在罚球区前打掉球,费尔南多推球。
in Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
在卡德克,在罚球区前除掉球,费尔南多推球。
to Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
卡尔德克在罚球区前把球扔掉,费尔南多推球。
of Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot.
卡尔德克在罚球区前除掉球,费尔南多推球。
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候,李凡在2:0领先。
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football League Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰·卡德在中国足球超级联赛首场比赛中得分的时候. 利凡在2:0领先.
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football A Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰·卡德在中国足球队首届联赛中得分的时候. 利凡在2:0领先.
This is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候,李凡在2:0领先。
the is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
这也是阿兰·卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候,李凡在2:0领先。
and is also the time for Alan Kardec to score in the initial games of Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads in 2 : 0.
也是阿兰·卡德在中国足球协会超级联赛的首场比赛中得分的时候,李凡在2:0领先。
Just in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
就在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中以决胜负,可惜他从小的角度摇了摇身一变。
the in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中获得了任何分数,他以小的角度大摇大摆,真可惜。
of in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中以决胜负,可惜他小题大做。
in in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
在下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中以决胜负,可惜他小题大做。
to in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
到了下半场的开始,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中获得了任何分数,他以小的角度大摇大摆,真可惜。
and in the beginning of the next half, Fernando won any score on the right side by breaking off. It is a pity that he lobbed in small angle.
在下半场比赛开始的时候,费尔南多在右侧的比赛中以决胜负,可惜他从小的角度摇了摇身一变。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在延时收到一张黄卡后,被替代的彭新立也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
After Deng Zhaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓兆飞在延后时间拿到一张黄卡后,作为替补的彭新立也拿到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
the Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在拖延的时候收到一张黄卡,彭新立的替补人也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
in Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
在邓小飞收到一张黄卡的拖延时间,彭新立的替代人也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
of Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在拖延的时间内收到一张黄卡,彭新立的替补人也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前犯规。
and Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card in the delaying time, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞在拖延的时候收到一张黄卡,彭新立的替补人也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明打左运球,与张思哲一起转球,邓小飞在曲球场击退了他。
At a 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明左手打运球,与张思哲一起转球,邓小飞在卷曲射击时把他挡住了。
At an 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了第56分钟,张志明左手打运球,和张思哲一起转球,在曲球中被邓小飞击退。
At fellow 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明左手打运球,和张思哲一起转球,被邓小飞的曲球击退。
At the sth minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了第一分钟,张志明左下打运球,和张思哲一起转球,在曲球场上被邓小飞挡住了。
At the ofth minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked to transfer with Zhang Xizhe. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei at the curling shot.
到了第一分钟,张志明左下打运球,和张思哲一起转球,被邓小飞击退。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘雨用力抓住并闯入了伊戈尔·克里米茨,他和激动人心的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yang forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘阳用力抓住并闯入了伊戈尔·克里米茨,他和激动人心的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Feng forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘风用力抓住并闯入了伊戈尔·克里米茨,他和激动人心的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Shu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘淑用力抓住伊戈尔·克里米茨并闯了进去,他和激动人心的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yi forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘毅用力抓住伊戈尔·克里米茨并闯了进去,他和激动人心的王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Xi forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets. He and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘习用力抓住并侵入了伊戈尔·克里米茨,他和激动人心的王东拿到了黄牌。
At the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
第63分钟,费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动很不满意,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the tord minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动很不满意,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the ofrd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动非常不满,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the andrd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
在最后一分钟,费尔南多被克里米特斯击倒,他进行了远距离的打击。费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动非常不满。克里米特斯拿到一张黄色的卡片。
At the therd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动很不满意,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the ard minute, Fernando was knocked down by Egor Krimets when he conducted long-range strike. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Egor Krimets. Egor Krimets got a yellow card.
费尔南多在进行远距离打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动非常不满,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minutes later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One game later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一场比赛过后,费尔南多在右侧展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One match later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一场比赛后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One goal later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一个进球后,费尔南多在右翼展示了他的远程进攻能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minute after, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability at the right wing. Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多在右翼展示了远程攻击能力,于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
Ilmaz restricted area within the line forcibly break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2 : 1 national security.
伊尔马兹限制区在线内强行断裂,在郑裕龙腿上停止行动到地面,裁判确定处罚,伊尔马兹外科医生,利凡2:1国家安全。
Ilmaz restricted area within the line forcefully break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2 : 1 national security.
伊尔马兹禁区在线内用力断裂,在郑裕龙的腿上停止行动到地面,裁判确定处罚,伊尔马兹外科医生,利凡2:1国家安全。
Ilmaz restricted area within the line physically break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2 : 1 national security.
伊尔马兹限制区在行内物理断裂,在郑裕龙腿上停止行动到地面,裁判确定处罚,伊尔马兹外科医生,利凡2:1国家安全。
Ilmaz restricted area within the line intentionally break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2 : 1 national security.
伊尔马兹限制区在线内故意断裂,在郑裕龙腿上停止行动到地面,裁判确定处罚,伊尔马兹外科医生,利凡2:1国家安全。
Ilmaz restricted area within the line illegally break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2 : 1 national security.
伊尔马兹限制区在线内非法突破,在郑裕龙腿上停止行动到地面,裁判确定处罚,伊尔马兹外科医生,利凡2:1国家安全。
Ilmaz restricted area within the line deliberately break, in Zheng Yurong leg to stop the action down to the ground, the referee to determine the penalty, Ilmaz surgeon, Lifan 2 : 1 national security.
伊尔马兹限制区在线内故意断裂,在郑裕龙腿上停止行动到地面,裁判确定处罚,伊尔马兹外科医生,利凡二:一国家安全。
At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
第86分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出了精彩的射门。
At a 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
第86分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射中了胸部,并射中了球,邓小飞射出了精彩的射门。
At an 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
第86分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射中了胸部,并射中了球,邓小飞射出了精彩的射门。
At the inth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
在第一分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出精美的射门。
At the toth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
至此,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出精美的射门。
At the ofth minute, Zhou Ting sent the cross along the right wing. Sergeyev looped after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area and shot. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with wonderful shoot.
第一分钟,周婷向右翼传球,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途胸部后开枪,邓小飞射出了精彩的射门。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在决赛中保持2比1的成绩,在客场击败了郭安。
4 min after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在决赛中以2比1的成绩入围,在客场中击败了郭安。
4 minute after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在决赛中保持2比1的成绩,在客场击败了郭安。
4 Minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
4分钟后,李凡在决赛中以2比1的成绩入围,在客场中击败了郭安。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and beat Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在决赛中以2比1比1的成绩,在客场击败郭安。
4 minutes after the allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score to the final and defeating Guoan in the visiting field.
零用钱4分钟后,李凡在客场中以2比1比1在决赛中击败了郭安。
After taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排在第10位。
After took the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
在取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排在第10位。
After takes the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
取下有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
the taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
以有价值的3分,李凡共得27分,暂时排名第十在计分板上。
and taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
以有价值的3分,李凡共得27分,暂时排名第十在计分板上。
in taking the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking the 10th at the scoreboard.
在取3分的有价值的成绩,李凡共得27分,暂时排名第十在计分板上。
Lyman will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
L and will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
L将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman was become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼成为德国Bundrega亚洲媒体合伙人的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman is become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will participate in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼成为德国Bundrega亚洲媒体的合作伙伴,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will join in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参与当地各种粉丝活动。
Lyman will become an expert for the partner of German Bundesliga Asia media and will go in a variety of local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并将参加当地各种粉丝活动。
According to reports, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,今年秋天,联邦拉加大使莱曼和马托乌斯将代表联邦拉加在亚洲和美国继续传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to rumors, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据传言,今年秋天,Bundrega大使Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续进行传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to rumours, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据传言,今年秋天,Bundrega大使Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续进行传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to sources, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据消息人士说,今年秋天,联邦拉加大使莱曼和马托乌斯将代表联邦拉加在亚洲和美国继续传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to news, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据悉,今年秋天,Bundrega大使Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续进行传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
According to media, this fall, the Bundesliga ambassador Lyman and Matthaeus will represent the Bundesliga in Asia and the America to continue the legendary tour and start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据媒体报道,今年秋天,Bundrega大使Lyman和Matthaeus将代表Bundrega在亚洲和美国继续进行传奇性的巡演,并在2016/17德国Bundrega赛季开幕式上开始前哨工作。
The event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个大城市,他们将致力于新赛季的预热与球迷。
the event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖两大洲和四个大城市,他们将和球迷一起为新赛季的预热而努力。
in event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个顶级城市,他们将致力于新赛季的预热与球迷。
and event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个顶级城市,他们将与球迷一起为新赛季的预热而努力。
of event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个顶级城市,他们将致力于新赛季的预热与球迷。
to event will cover two continents and four top cities. They will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个顶级城市,他们将致力于新赛季的预热与球迷。
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联邦列加是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German Liga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国列加是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉列加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛 、 列哥联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German Ligue is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国列国是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉列加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列国联赛 、 列国联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
German League is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
德国联赛是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦联赛 、 利格联赛 ) 并且是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事.
of Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
欧洲五大足球联盟之一(英超联赛、La Liga、Sie A、德国Bundrega、Ligue 1),是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事之一。
the Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga, Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football kingdom.
联邦联赛是五大欧洲联赛之一(英超联赛、La Liga、Sie A、德国联邦联赛、Ligue 1),也是德国足球王国的旗舰赛事之一。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1330万名观众来到体育场。
a one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
伯德利加是世界上最强大的足球联盟之一,在2014-2015赛季,它吸引了约133万名观众来到体育场。
in one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
在世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加吸引了约135万观众在2014-2015赛季抵达体育场。
of one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1330万名观众来到体育场。
to one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约133万名观众来到体育场。
the one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga attracted about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1330万名观众来到体育场。
The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.
联邦列加、拜仁慕尼黑、多特蒙德和著名的明星托马斯·马勒、拉姆和戈泽的代表已成为中国的家喻户晓。
The representatives from Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.
来自Bundrega、拜仁慕尼黑、多特蒙德和著名明星托马斯·马勒、拉姆和戈泽的代表已成为中国的家喻户晓。
The veterans of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.
联邦列加、拜仁慕尼黑、多特蒙德、著名明星托马斯·马勒、拉姆和戈泽的老兵们已成为中国的家喻户晓。
The stars of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.
慕尼黑、拜仁、多特蒙德和著名的明星托马斯·马勒、拉姆和戈泽的明星们,已成为中国的家喻户晓。
The leaders of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.
联邦列加、拜仁慕尼黑、多特蒙德和著名的明星托马斯·马勒、拉姆和戈泽的领袖们已成为中国的家喻户晓。
The members of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous star Thomas Muller, Ram and Goetze have become a household name in China.
联邦列加、拜仁慕尼黑、多特蒙德和著名明星托马斯·马勒、拉姆和戈泽的会员已成为中国的家喻户晓。
With the microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
此前,德国Bundrega的微博、Youku和WeChat中国平台已经上线,因此,德国Bundrega希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the multiblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
此前,德国Bundrega的多层博客、Youku和WeChat中国平台已经上线,因此,德国Bundrega希望能提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the teblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
此前,德国Bundrega的网志、优酷和WeChat中国平台已经上线,因此,德国Bundriga希望能提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the hotblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着德国Bundrega的热潮,Youku和WeChat中国平台(之前已上线),德国Bundrega希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the eblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着德国Bundrega中国网(Ebloging)、Youku和WeChat中国网(WeChat China)的上线,德国Bundrega希望提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the pblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platform of German Bundesliga, which went online previously, German Bundesliga hopes to provide a more extensive and timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
此前,德国Bundrega的网志、Youku和WeChat中国平台已经上线,因此,德国Bundrega希望能提供更加广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
英国在斐济大师们看到七人榄球队拿起金牌后,于是选择了七人榄球队的银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after the masterclass sees them take gold
英国人在主班看到七人榄球队拿起金牌后,便决定以七人榄球队的成绩夺得银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after a masterclass sees them take gold
英国人在七人榄球赛上看到他们拿了金牌,于是决定选择七人榄球赛
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛中击败了英国令人印象深刻的决赛,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,他们被全面击败43比7。
Great England's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,大英格兰在橄榄球7号的比赛在决赛中被斐济队击败,最后一场障碍赛于上周四晚上在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败。
Great Kingdom's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在橄榄球7号决赛决赛中以43比7全面击败了英国队。
Great GB's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,在位于里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,大英超在橄榄球7号的比赛在决赛中被斐济队击败,在决赛决赛决赛时,他们遭到了43至7的重击。
the Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛中击败了英国令人印象深刻的决赛,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,他们被全面击败43比7。
and Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,全场43比7被击败,这令英国在7号橄榄球赛中令人印象深刻的决赛障碍赛陷于瘫痪。
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
斐济 给 了 一 个 处理 、 卸载 、 侧身 踩踏 、 支持 、 跑步 和 野蛮 力量 的 大师 班, 以 赢得 他们 的 第一块 任何 颜色 的 奥运会 奖牌 。
the gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
为了赢得金牌--他们的第一块任何颜色的奥运奖牌--在操控、卸载、侧身、支持、排球、跑步和强力方面,都给了大师级。
in gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
奖项授予了驾驭、卸载、侧身、支持、排球、跑步和强力以赢得金牌的大师级,他们获得了第一枚任何颜色的奥运奖牌。
and gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
并授予一个主修课,处理,卸载,侧身,支持游戏,赛跑线和粗野的力量赢得金牌,他们的第一个奥运奖牌是任何颜色的。
a gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
给一个驾驭、卸载、侧身、支持、排球、跑步和野蛮力量的大师级,以赢得他们的第一块金牌,任何颜色的奥运奖牌。
of gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
给主修课的处理,卸载,侧身,支持游戏,跑线和野蛮力量赢得金牌,他们的第一个奥运奖牌的任何颜色。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛给英国银牌公司带来了不那么破败的安慰,他们可以自豪地参加奥运会七大赛开幕式,在比赛中他们一路击败新西兰、阿根廷和南非。
Defeat came with a non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛,在这场比赛中,英国银牌大赛在新西兰、阿根廷和南非的首场比赛中夺冠,他们对此感到十分自豪。
Defeat came with an non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛,在这场比赛中,英国银牌大赛在新西兰、阿根廷和南非的首场比赛中夺冠,他们对此感到十分自豪。
Defeat came with to non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛中,英国银牌大赛的失利令英国人得到了不小的安慰,而他们在首届奥运会7场比赛中击败了新西兰、阿根廷和南非,他们为此感到自豪。
Defeat came with of non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛中,英国银牌大赛的胜利令英国人倍感欣慰,而英国人对此也颇为自豪。 在首届奥运会7大赛中,他们一路击败新西兰、阿根廷和南非。
Defeat came with in non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛,在这场比赛中,他们战胜了新西兰、阿根廷和南非,并以此为荣。
The bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中被击败的Boks的伤痕,可能在决赛中又回来咬伤了他们。
the bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中击败了7-5的Boks的伤痕,可能在决赛中又回来咬伤了他们。
and bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中被击败的Boks在决赛中被击败,可能在决赛中被击败。
a bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中击败了7-5的Boks,可能在决赛中又回来咬了他们。
of bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
那天早些时候在半决赛中击败了7-5的Boks,可能在决赛中又回来咬了他们。
to bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
在当天早些时候的半决赛中,7-5的Boks被击败,可能在决赛中回来咬他们。
But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,不管怎么说,这种形式的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
and, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
不管怎么说,这种形式的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
of, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
不管怎么说,这种形式上的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
to, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
不管怎么说,这个表格上的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
the, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
不管怎么说,这个表格上的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
But, nonetheless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,尽管如此,在这种形式上,斐济还是击败了一个15人的球队。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It will be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
明天,至少有一位英国人将获得金牌,这将会给英国广播公司带来一些安慰——但可能不会。 斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It has been some journey for GB.
对英国广播公司来说,这已经是一段旅程了.
It has been some journey for UK.
去英国已经是一段旅程了。
It has been some journey for Britain.
对英国来说,这是一段旅程。
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
八年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
and years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
几年前,在瑞恩的领导下,他们在阿德莱德七人队的比赛中输了。
of years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
几年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
the years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
几年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
a years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
一年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
to years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
几年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展令人吃惊.
This hammering will hurt but the progress is shocking.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展是令人震惊的。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is surprising.
这种敲击会受伤,但进展令人惊讶。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is stunning.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展是惊人的。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is terrifying.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展是可怕的.
This hammering will hurt but the progress is frightening.
这种敲打会伤人,但进展是可怕的.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济的比赛开始得非常出色, 跳离GB球赛以取乐.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off UK tackles for fun.
斐济的比赛开始得非常出色, 冲出英国的比赛,以取乐.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off NZ tackles for fun.
斐济队开局壮观, 冲出新西兰队,玩得很开心.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off Britain tackles for fun.
斐济开局壮观, 击败了英国的球赛以取乐.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off MCC tackles for fun.
斐济的比赛开始得非常出色, 击退了MCC的球杆以取乐.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GA tackles for fun.
斐济开局雄伟, 击退了GA的球杆以取乐.
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一连串的移动巴士,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转弯处跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0的成绩脱颖而出。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co but the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
这就像是为汤姆·米切尔和球队队长跑上一系列的移动巴士,但是当奥西娅·科里尼索在球场的角落里跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0的成绩脱颖而出。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了4分钟,在右翼下方又加上了1分钟,这架飞机被转换了。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the middle wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了4分钟,在中翼下又加上了1分钟,这架飞机被转换了。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the back wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了4分钟,在后机翼上又加上了1分钟,后机翼被转换了。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the center wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了4分钟,又在中心侧翼下加了一个侧翼,这个侧翼被转换了。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the first wing, which was converted.
时钟上摆了四分钟,杰瑞·图瓦伊又在第一排机翼上又加上了另一排机翼,这排机翼被转换了。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the forward wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了四分钟,又往前一翼又加了一个折叠的机翼。
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
12-0和GB几乎没有碰到球.
12-0 and GB had hardly touched a ball.
12-0和GB几乎没有碰到过球.
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the cap.
12-0和GB几乎没有碰过帽子。
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the game.
12-0和GB几乎没有触动这场游戏。
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the match.
12-0和GB几乎没有触摸到比赛。
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the half.
12-0和GB几乎没有触摸到一半。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了内昂纳哈拉瓦的排名第三,但它只是推迟了斐济。
A brilliant Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了内昂纳哈拉瓦人夺冠三分之一,但这只能推迟了斐济。
A great Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场伟大的米切尔战役阻止了Nakarawa男子中山取得三分之一的成绩,但它只是推迟了斐济。
A super Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
超级米切尔的进攻阻止了中华民国中华民国排名第三,但这只能推迟了斐济。
A half Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
半个米切尔的进攻阻止了Nakarawa男子中山的三分之一的进球,但它只是推迟了斐济。
A Brian Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
布赖恩·米切尔(Brian Mitchell)的一击阻止了内昂纳哈拉瓦(Nakarawa)夺冠三分之一,但这只是推迟了斐济。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是1700比0。
On seven min Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
七分钟时,杰萨·韦雷马卢亚在右侧一角下身,而GB是1700比0。
On seven minute Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
7分钟后,杰萨·韦雷马卢亚出现在右侧角落,英镑兑负负负负负负负负。
On six minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
6分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是1700比0。
On eight minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
八分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是1700比0。
On nine minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
在9分钟内,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是1700比0。
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
娜卡拉瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Na Arawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
娜·阿拉瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Na Kawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
娜·卡瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,瓦特莫·拉瓦乌乌通过一些更单调的GB击球,冲到球线上打分.
Vatemo Leavouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
瓦蒂莫·莱瓦乌夫接着冲过一些更单调的GB,冲到线上打分.
Vatemo Novouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
诺瓦乌乌王后冲破了几块更单调的GB,冲到线上射门得分.
Vatemo Fivouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
佛特莫费沃乌通过一些更单调的GB攻打,冲到线上射门得分.
Vatemo Jivouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,瓦特莫·吉沃乌夫冲破一些更单调的GB,冲向线上射门,射门得分.
Vatemo Navouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,瓦特莫·纳瓦沃突然冲过一些更单调的GB,冲到线上打分.
The conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
转换使29比0在休息时间。
The conversion made it 29-0 at the half.
转换的结果是,在半场29-0。
The conversion made it 29-0 at the over.
转换的结果是29比0。
The conversion made it 29-0 at the touch.
转换使它在触摸29-0。
The conversion made it 29-0 at the end.
转换结果是29-0。
The conversion made it 29-0 at the corner.
在转角处转成29-0。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
It it as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7分球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
of was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
to was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
a was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
a 仿佛斐济生来就打7分球,而英国球员仍在学习这个行业。
in was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人还在学这个行业。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时做了批改,他们将斐济大坝通了四分钟,按上半场标准,大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才完工。
the made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
半场时进行了批量的改变,他们把斐济大坝通了四分钟,按照上半场的标准,这是很好的,直到荷莎·图伊索瓦经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
and made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
并在半场时做了批量修改,他们将斐济大坝通了四分钟,而根据上半场的标准,这些大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
to made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
在半场时进行批量改造,然后用四分钟将斐济大坝堵塞,按上半场标准,这很好,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
of made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
中场时,他们批量更换斐济大坝,然后用四分钟将大坝堵塞,而上半场的标准是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
GB did wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时确实做了批量变化,他们用四分钟时间堵塞斐济大坝,而根据上半场的标准,这些大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动,使它变成36-7,但是这场游戏早已被南海岛民所取代了,他们的球迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗子,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to narrow it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动以缩小它36-7,但是这场游戏早已过时了南海岛民的路线,他们的粉丝们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to turn it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,向左转弯,把它转动了36-7,但是这场比赛早已过去了南海岛民的路线,他们的粉丝们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to score it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,左下角点了36-7分,但是这场比赛早已结束了南海岛民的比赛,他们的球迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗子,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to shift it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧弯下移动,把它转动了36-7,但是这场游戏早已过时了,南海岛民的球迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗子,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to match it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动,以匹配它36-7,但是比赛早已结束了,南海岛民的歌迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
It was hard not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
很难不钦佩斐济的整个喜悦态度。
It was hard not to admire Fiji's entire joyful approach.
很难不赞许斐济的整个喜悦态度。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的时刻,它不需要再加冰糖。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the death moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济的蛋糕,在死神的瞬间,它不需要再加冰糖。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了,斐济人拥抱起来,英国英镑击中了地盘,彻底击败了。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB left the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了, 斐济人拥抱起来,英国广播公司离开了草皮, 彻底击败了.
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier during the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非,英国各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in their day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非,英式转换每胜一胜。
the in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本20-5,在短短的半决赛中击败了南非,英式转换的每胜一胜一胜。
and in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天,斐济队在半决赛中击败了日本队20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队。
to in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
比方说,斐济队在半决赛中击败了日本队20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但丹·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in their first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场击败了波克斯队,但是丹·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中还得分。
in Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
在布朗的上半场,Boks队领先,但丹诺顿队的脚步动作打破了线条,在下半场在球员的阵容中得分。
the Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
上半场,布朗队把波克斯队排在前排,但丹诺顿的脚步动作令人眼花缭乱,在下半场,他打破了防线,在球员的阵容下打进球。
and Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但丹诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中又击败了球员。
to Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但丹诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中得分。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A superb late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A fine late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A exciting late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场令人激动的比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A stunning late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15人球队的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上击败了球,夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A outstanding late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛的胜利
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to race victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning在教练的癌症战中获胜
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing title by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning凭借教练的癌症战夺冠
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing win by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing championship by coach's cancer battle
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁在教练的癌症战斗中获得了赛艇冠军
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing final by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning在教练的癌症战中,对赛艇决赛产生了灵感
There will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
这些比赛没有比这更激动人心的金牌了,那就是说些什么。
There will not be a more emotive gold at these Games, and that is saying something.
在本届奥运会上,没有比这更激动人心的金牌了。
There will not be a more emotive gold at this games, and that is saying something.
这场比赛没有比这更激动人心的金牌了。
There will not be a more emotive gold at the games, and that is saying something.
奥运会上没有比这更激动人心的金牌了,那就是说些什么。
in will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
在这些比赛中,不会是比现在更激动人心的金牌了,那就是说些什么。
the will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
在这些比赛中,这不会是更感人的金牌,那就是说些什么。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创史了220个惩罚性的大人物,他们在《拉果河》的金色时刻找到了更多的意义。
From the first shot to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一枪打到最后一枪,220个惩罚性的大人物进入了历史舞台。
From the first strike to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次罢工到最后一次罢工,创下了220个惩罚性的巨浪,在他们位于拉果乐园的金色时刻,发现了更多的意义。
From the first thrust to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从最初的冲刺到最后的冲刺,创下了220个惩罚性的巨浪,在《拉果河》的金色时刻,他们发现了更多的意义。
From the first strokes to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次击球到最后一次击球,创下了220个惩罚性的巨浪,在他们登上拉果宫的黄金时刻,发现了更多的意义。
From the first blow to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一个打击到最后一个打击,220个惩罚性的大人物进入了历史舞台,他们在《拉果河》的金色时刻找到了更多的意义。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在她们为女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一位女子,她们可以达到如此高的水准。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, it were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
拒他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三声声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声在她们女子对接连夺得奥运金牌时一直回响着,那是英国体育史上第一位能达到如此高度的女性。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, she were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
虽然她是两个在划桨的人,但她还是船上的三个声音,罗宾·威廉斯教练的回声一直出现在他们为女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一个达到如此高度的女性。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, they were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
拒他们俩在划桨,他们还是船上的三个声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声在她们女子对接连第二枚奥运金牌上出现,这是英国体育史上第一个达到如此高度的女性。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, together were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,在划桨的船上共传了三声声音,但罗宾·威廉斯教练的回声却一直出现在他们为女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一位达到如此高度的女性。
Though they were the two pulling at the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们两人在划桨,船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在他们为女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一位女子,可以达到如此高的水准。
Their dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的统治力是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their domination was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的统治是绝对的,毕竟这是他们的第39次不败,又一次前所未有的。
Their supremacy was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的至高无上,毕竟这是他们的第39次不败的比赛,也是前所未有的。
Their control was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的控制权是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their superiority was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的优势是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their position was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的立场是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次不败的比赛,也是前所未有的。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
the we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员与天鹅优雅的滑冰在水面上,并不完全反映胜利的本质。
to we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们看到,两位杰出的运动员在水面滑翔,与天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映胜利的性质。
and we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们看到,两位杰出的运动员在水面滑翔,带着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
of we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
两位优秀的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不能完全反映出胜利的本质。
What we view, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面滑翔,天鹅优雅的天鹅,并不完全反映胜利的本质。
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增量的成绩,从而有所区别。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用了。
Behind every boat gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只船的金牌后面,都是一营心甘情愿的手,贡献了增量的收益,这才不同。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用了。
Behind each rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增量的金牌,这使得情况大不一样。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用了。
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make that difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增加的成绩,这才不同。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天的教练手里的手更有用了。
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make it difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增量的成绩,从而有所作为。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活过这一天的教练的手更有用了。
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make our difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一营热心的手,贡献了使我们产生不同影响的增量收益,没有任何一只手比30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天的教练手里,因为那时他被诊断为癌症。
As he said, it was touch and go.
正如他所言,这是触摸而去。
As he said, it was touch n go.
如他所言, 它触动了我们.
If they don't it goes everywhere.
如果他们不这样做的话,它就无处不在了。
If they don't it gets everywhere.
如果他们不这样做,它就无处不在了。
If they don't it is everywhere.
如果他们不这样做的话,它就无处不在了。
If they don't it flies everywhere.
如果他们不是到处飞的话。
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉斯于2013年12月被诊断出。
Williams is diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉斯于2013年12月被确诊。
Williams got diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉斯于2013年12月被确诊。
Williams a diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉斯于2013年12月被确诊。
Williams had diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉斯于2013年12月被确诊。
Williams the diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉姆斯于2013年12月被诊断。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能减少干扰,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The The were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
幸运的是,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,将干扰控制在最低限度,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The of were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
幸运的是,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,将干扰保持在最低程度,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The and were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
幸运的是,他能够在2014年初脱离赛季开始接受治疗,将干扰保持在最低程度,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The was were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
幸运的是,他能够在2014年初脱离赛季开始接受治疗,将干扰保持在最低程度,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The the were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
幸运的是,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,将干扰控制在最低限度,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我需要薪水,所以我必须尽快恢复健康。
I had to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我不得不拿到薪水,所以我必须尽快变得更好。
I wanted to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我想得到报酬,所以我必须尽快得到更好的待遇。
I was to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我要拿到薪水,所以我必须尽快变得更好。
I paid to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我花钱挣钱是为了挣钱,所以我必须赶快变好。
That's how it starts off.
就是这样开始的。
That's how it starts out.
就是这样开始的。
That's how it begins off.
就是这样开始的。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,但是这让它变得更大了一点。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that takes it a bit bigger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,但这需要更大一些。
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的即刻阶段,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the smediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的瞬间,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨谈得比平时多一点,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the tomediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的短暂时刻,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨,比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the anmediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的瞬间,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨谈得比平时多一点,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the amediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的瞬间,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他度过了一个紧张的早晨,他比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the inmediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的突然时刻,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨,比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦宁说:“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Stan Barry, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团的队长斯坦·巴里说:“我这星期情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
Stan Davies, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后的皇家炮兵团的队长斯坦戴维斯说,“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,可能有点极端,但是它意味着很多。”
Stan Smith, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦·史密斯说:“我这星期情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Stan Foster, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团的队长斯坦·福斯特说:“我这星期情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
Stan herself, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
斯坦本人是皇家炮兵团的队长,在她身后游览阿富汗,她说:“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,也许这有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦的工作,以及罗宾的工作。
It also reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它还重申了这一点对我的意义,我和海伦的工作,以及罗宾的工作。
It only reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦工作了多少,罗宾也工作了多少。
It a reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
这再次证明这一点对我来说是多么重要,我和海伦都做了多少工作,罗宾也做了多少工作。
It to reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
来重申这一点对我来说是多么重要,我和海伦都做了多少工作,罗宾也做了多少工作。
It can reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它可以再次证明这一点对我是多么重要,我和海伦都做了多少工作,罗宾也做了多少工作。
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.
与海伦和罗宾在一起的三年前,这真是一个奇迹。
It's been a fantastic three years in with Helen and Robin.
和海伦和罗宾共度了三年的美好时光。
It's been a fantastic three years over with Helen and Robin.
和海伦和罗宾在一起已经三年了。
It's been a fantastic three years on with Helen and Robin.
和海伦和罗宾在一起已经三年了。
It's been a fantastic three years away with Helen and Robin.
离海伦和罗宾相继三年后,这真是一个奇迹.
It's been a fantastic three years out with Helen and Robin.
和海伦和罗宾一起度过了三年的美好时光。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without coach we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有教练,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
to Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
对罗宾来说,我们不会是任何人,所以由于他的存在,他是世界上最好的教练。
of Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
对于罗宾来说,我们不会是任何人,因此,由于他的存在,他是世界上最好的教练。
the Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
罗宾我们不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢他是世界上最优秀的教练。
and Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
罗宾和我们不会是任何人,所以由于他的存在,他是世界上最好的教练。
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to practice with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他练习, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to drill with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to learn with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人来学习, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to work with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他共事, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to play with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起玩, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't won a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁已经五年没赢得比赛了.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their opponents could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法匹配.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their competitors could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的竞争对手永远无法与之匹配.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their rival could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法匹配.
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米的最后时刻,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备也太多。
Even in the last 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米范围内,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备也太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when both crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在最后500米,新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭,斯坦宁和格洛弗的储备太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when that crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在最后500米,新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when to crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使到了最后500米时,新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备也太多。
and in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
在最后的500米,新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备太多。
It's really important not to get carried away.
不要被感动了,这是很重要的。
It's really important not to get carried back.
真正重要的是不要被累倒了。
It's really important not to get carried off.
不要被别人牵累,这是很重要的。
It's really important not to get carried apart.
不要被拆散,这是很重要的。
It's really important not to get carried around.
不要被别人牵着走,这是很重要的。
It's really important not to get carried up.
不要被累着,这是很重要的。
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个良好的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
the had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
开局很好,同时我们并没有想做什么令人惊讶的事。
to had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
开了一个好头,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
of had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个良好的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
and had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
并且有一个良好的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We made a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们开了一个好头,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
the weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
to weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
of weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
in weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
a weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
The pair will take a year before deciding their futures.
这对夫妇要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来.
The pair will take a year before deciding the futures.
两人要花一年的时间才能决定期货.
The pair will take a year before choosing their futures.
这对夫妇要花一年的时间才能选择他们的未来.
The pair will take a year before considering their futures.
这对夫妇要花一年的时间才考虑他们的未来.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to ITV adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席,她自己的是ITV冒险家史蒂夫·贝克。
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to BBC adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她亲身参加BBC的冒险家史蒂夫·Backshall.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to soap adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的肥皂冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to series adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的系列冒险家史蒂夫·巴菲歇尔.
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
我不想说这是我最后一次比赛。
I didn't want to say this was me last race.
我不想说这是我最后一次比赛。
I didn't want to say it was my last race.
我不想说那是我最后一次比赛。
This feels so much better, " she said.
这感觉好多了,”她说。
This feels so much better, " he said.
这感觉好多了。”他说。
This feels so much better, " I said.
这感觉好多了,”我说。
This feels so much better, " the said.
这感觉好多了,”他说。
This feels so much better, " was said.
这感觉好多了。”有人说。
This feels so much better, " they said.
这感觉好多了,”他们说。
A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆的令人惊叹的建筑的前排座位
A front-row seat to the stunning Architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆大楼前排的座位
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about a history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about of history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about and history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆和历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会主持沙龙阿诺德施瓦茨曼和斯蒂芬吉,新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about The history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会主持一个沙龙阿诺德施瓦茨曼和斯蒂芬吉,新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术和建筑史》的作者。
Learn More about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会/南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼计划讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are set to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼将讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are planned to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉 和 施瓦茨曼 计划 讨论 和 分享 1926年 Bertram Goodhue 设计 和 1993年 Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates 修复 和 增加 的 图 象 。
Gee and Schwartzman are proposed to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
建议吉和施瓦茨曼讨论和分享1926年伯特拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are booked to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼被预订讨论和分享1926年Bertram Goodhue设计的图片以及Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are for to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼将讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
The salon is set for 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日下午2点至4点在索尔现代艺术,德科西南法学院, ( 原为布尔克斯威尔郡 ) 3050威尔希尔布尔夫德.
The salon was set for 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
8月21日,美术馆西南法学院 ( 原为Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd,在Salle Momere 的美术沙龙安排下午2点至4点。
The salon will set for 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
美容院将于8月21日晚上2点至4点在索尔现代艺术学校,在西南法学院 ( 原为BullocksWilshire), 3050Wilshire Blvd.
The salon 2018 set for 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
2018年8月21日,在法学院(前身为Bullocks Wilshire)的Salle Momere, 2018年沙龙下午2点至4点, 威尔希尔·布莱夫德.
The salon is scheduled for 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
客厅定于8月21日下午2点至4点在索尔现代艺术,德科西南法学院 ( 原为布尔克斯·威尔希尔 ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
The Salon is set for 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日晚上2点到4点在萨乐现代,在艺术德科西南法学院, ( 原为布尔克斯威尔希尔 ) 3050威尔希尔布尔夫德.
Advance tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
须预留机票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
Advance ticket are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
需预售票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
to tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
须购票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
of tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
须购票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
the tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
须购票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
and tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
及须购票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 90th birthday with-what else ?-a new book
庆贺洛杉矶中央图书馆90岁生日——还有一本新书吗?
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 90th anniversary with-what else ?-a new book
用别的什么来庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆成立90周年——一本新书
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in June, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚6月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in August, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚8月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in 2011, national statistics show.
保加利亚2011年的月通胀率为1%, 国家统计数据显示.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in 2017, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚2017年的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in 2010, national statistics show.
2010年保加利亚的通货膨胀按月计为1%, 国家统计数据显示.
This is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This was the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是多年来(自2012年6月以来)的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is its highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是多年来(自2012年6月以来)的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正0.2%以来首次高于零值。
the is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高年值,也是自去年10月公布正0.2%以来首次高于零年值。
and is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
自2012年6月以来,是历年中的最高值,自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来,是第一个高于零值的数据。
in is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
年值最高(自2012年6月以来),自去年10月公布正0.2%以来,首次高于零。
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月(2015年8月至2016年7月)按消费物价指数计算的年平均通胀率为-0.8%.
The average average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月(2015年8月至2016年7月)的平均通胀率(以消费物价指数衡量)与前12个月(2014年8月至2015年7月)的平均通胀率为-0.
The total average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月 ( 2015年8月至2016年7月 ) 与前12个月 ( 2014年8月至2015年7月 )相比的总平均通胀率为-0.
The aggregate average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月 ( 2015年8月至2016年7月 ) 与前12个月 ( 2014年8月至2015年7月 ) 相比的总平均通胀率为-0.
The real average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月(2015年8月至2016年7月)的实际平均通胀率为-0.
The Annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月 ( 2015年8月至2016年7月 ) 与前12个月 ( 2014年8月至2015年7月 )相比的年度平均通胀率为-0.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The Consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumers price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费者价格指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumption price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费价格指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The household price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的房价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
the consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
年初(2016年7月与2015年12月比较)的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月与2015年7月相比的年通胀率为-0.2%。
the inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
年初(2016年7月与2015年12月比较)以来的通胀率为-0.2%,而2016年7月与2015年7月相比的年通胀率为-0.2%。
to inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
自年初以来(与2015年12月相比,2016年7月的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月的通胀率与2015年7月的通胀率相比为-0.2%。
and inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
自年初以来(与2015年12月相比,2016年7月的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月的通胀率与2015年7月的通胀率为-0.2%。
of inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
自年初以来(与2015年12月相比,2016年7月的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月与2015年7月相比,年通胀率为-0.2%。
in inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
自年初以来(与2015年12月相比,2016年7月的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月的通胀率与2015年7月的通胀率相比为-0.2%。
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年7月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格出现了增长:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the prices of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年7月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格有所上升:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in a price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年7月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格出现了增长:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in of price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年7月,与上月相比,观察到以下各类消费品的价格上升:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ); 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 卫生 ( 1% ).
ofs decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
衣服和鞋类减少(2.2%);家具、家用设备和日常维护(0.5%);健康(0.1%)。
thes decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
衣服和鞋类(2.2%);家具、家用设备和日常维护(0. 5%);健康(0. 1%)。
ands decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
衣服和鞋类减少(2.2%);家具、家用设备和日常维护(0. 5%);健康(0. 1%)。
Prices increased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类价格上涨 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护价格上涨 ( 0.5% ) ; 健康价格上涨 ( 1% ).
Prices declined in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 卫生 ( 1% ).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
thes remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育方面的情况与上月持平。
ofs remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通讯和教育方面的情况与上月持平。
ands remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
以及酒类饮品及烟草、住宅、水、电、煤气及其他燃料、通讯及教育,均维持在上月的水平。
Prices stayed at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices continued at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some commentators say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些评论家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some analysts say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些分析师说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some critics say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些评论家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some reviewers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些评论家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some writers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是由动画激发的,但是一些作家说,它是种族上的不敏感。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to manipulate reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat利用其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户以与荒谬相邻的方式操纵现实和运用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to edit reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户编辑现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to create reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat利用其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户创造现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式利用身份。
of its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat的镜头工具,让约1.5亿每日用户能够改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式运用身份。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦绘画的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character isfitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦的画的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character afitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗,或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦绘画的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character infitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦绘画的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character anfitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个与罗伊·利克坦斯坦的画相配的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character withfitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个与罗伊·利克坦斯坦的绘画相配的人物。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more Inc 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生更多3000万加仑的自鸣得意。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more of 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more over 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more near 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生近3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate a than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到人们的批评,他们指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,将之作为一种美的理念。
Snapchat lens have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾引起人们的批评,称该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的皮肤声调,以此作为美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting whiteface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到人们的批评,他们指责说,该应用程序将白脸或鼓励白皮肤作为美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting black beauty or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到批评,指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑色美观,或鼓励白皙的肌肤音调,将之作为一种美观理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting black faces or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到人们的批评,他们指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的皮肤声调,以此作为美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting black skin or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到人们的批评,他们指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑皮肤或鼓励白色皮肤的音调,将之作为一种美观理想。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此,当本周它把镜头投向一些用户,让他们眼睛斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
So when its pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此当本周它把镜头投向一些用户时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
So after it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此,当本周它把镜头投向一些用户,给他们倾斜的眼睛,扭曲的牙齿和肿胀的脸颊后,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄脸”。
So when it pulled a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此当本周它把镜头拉向一些用户,让用户眼睛斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
So when it put a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此,当本周给一些用户投放镜头给他们眼睛倾斜、牙齿变形和脸颊肿胀时,一些评论家称之为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄脸”。
So when it sent a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此,当本周它向一些用户发送一个镜头给他们倾斜的眼睛,扭曲的牙齿和肿胀的脸颊时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄脸”。
And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们想知道,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化。
and they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们想知道,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化的问题。
the they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们怀疑这些反复的争论是否指向了公司具有多样性的更大的问题。
to they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们怀疑这些反复的争论是否指向了公司具有多样性的更大的问题。
of they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们想知道,这些反复的争论是否指向了公司具有多样性的更大的问题。
And the wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
人们怀疑,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤怒声响了,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)发布了报道。
the news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤慨情绪大行其道,在斯内卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的第二天,《erge报》和《母板报》发布了报道。
and news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤怒声响了,在斯内普恰特说已经拆除了这个功能的第二天,《王尔热》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)发布了报道。
of news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一天之后,《erge》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)的报道大肆抨击了新闻和愤怒。
to news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的第二天,《erge报》和《母板报》的报导大肆抨击了新闻和愤慨。
a news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的第二天,新闻和愤怒情绪大行其道,《动词典》和《母板》(Mionalboard)发布了报道。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The manufacturer offered an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
制造商给出了解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The firm offered an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The group offered an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
这个小组给出了一个解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The company provided an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了解释:镜头是用来向动漫人物表示敬意的,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The company released an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司发布了一个解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of shameful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的可耻成见。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of harmful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的有害定型观念。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of meanful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中卑劣的定型观念。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hateful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的可恨成见。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of cruelful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的残酷的陈规定型观念。
Others roundly rejected the anime comparison.
其他人则全盘否定了对动画的比较.
Others roundly rejected the anime comparisons.
其他人则全盘否定了动画比较。
Others roundly rejected the anime analogy.
其他人则全盘否定了动画类比.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In an email, Joy Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
韩国裔美国艺术学生乔伊·斯帕帕尼在一封电子邮件中说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
in an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
of an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
韩国裔美国艺术学生格雷斯·斯帕帕尼在一封电子邮件中说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
a an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
韩国裔美国艺术学生格雷斯·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)在一封电子邮件中说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
to an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
韩国裔美国艺术学生格雷斯·斯帕帕尼在一封电子邮件中说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器的效果进行对比。
a added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
补充道,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和过滤器效应的对比并肩争论。
to added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
并补充道:“很难与极粗的亚洲漫画和滤波器效应的对比并驾齐驱。
the added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
补充道,“很难与极粗的亚洲漫画和滤波器效应的对比并肩争论。
and added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
并补充说,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器效应的对比并肩争论。”
in added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
补充道:“很难对亚洲粗漫画和滤波器的效果进行对比。
It shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,滤波器不仅仅是黄脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
It demonstrates that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
这表明滤波器不仅仅是黄脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
It proves that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
它证明滤波器不仅仅是黄色的脸,而是黄色的脸被带入其侮辱性的极端。
It reveals that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,滤波器不仅仅是黄脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
It is that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
滤镜不只是黄色的脸,而是黄色的脸,变得极具侮辱性。
and shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
并显示过滤器不只是黄色的脸,而是黄色的脸被带入其侮辱性的极端。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非是跨越这些文化线的唯一公司。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross those cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非是唯一跨越这些文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross such cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非唯一跨越这种文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross this cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非唯一跨越这种文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross the cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非唯一跨越文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross that cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非是唯一跨越这种文化线的公司。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American cultures seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容而无休止地挣扎。
American society seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国社会似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American cultural seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American Culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American industry seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
美国产业似乎卷入了一场无休止的争夺多样化和包容的斗争,从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
the Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
斯纳普卡特的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这意味着他们更希望敏感。
and Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
of Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
to Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
对斯内普卡特的众多年轻一代来说,年轻一代的种族差异大于年长一代的年轻一代,这意味着他们更可能期望敏感度。
in Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
在史纳普卡特众多的年轻人群中——这些年轻人群的种族多样性要强于年长者——可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,当斯纳卡特(Snapchat)的镜头塑造出一个侮辱用户的画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西变得被忽视,要难得多。”
When a of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,当一个Snapchat的镜头给用户制造了一种侮辱性画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被忽视就更加困难了。”
of one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,史纳卡特(Snapchat)的镜头造就了一个侮辱用户的形象。
the one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,Snapchat的镜头给用户制造了一种侮辱性画面。
to one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,用斯纳卡特(Snapchat)的镜头拍摄的一张照片给用户造成了侮辱性印象,“像以前一样,让这类事情变得被忽视,要难得多。”
and one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,史纳卡特(Snapchat)的一张照片造就了一个侮辱用户的形象。
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Friday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周五,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Tuesday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周二,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Wednesday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周三,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Monday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周一,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On the, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
对此,Medic公司的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇关于Medorage的文章和一次电话采访中,她说她认为,与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
in an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇为Medorage撰写的文章和一次电话采访中,她说她认为与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
of an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
她在接受媒体和电话采访时表示,她认为与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
the an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇关于Medorage和电话采访的文章中,她说她认为与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
and an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
她表示,她认为,与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
to an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在接受媒体和电话采访的一篇短文中,她说她认为与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
and. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱基批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
the. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱基批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
of. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱基批评了公司大部分是男性白人的领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
to. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱基批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
Ms. Zhang criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
张女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在职员身上没有不同的有色人种代表,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们确实有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on the staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在职员身上没有不同的有色人种代表,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们确实有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on our staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在我们的员工中,没有不同的有色人种,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on they staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在员工身上没有不同颜色的人,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们有一些在华裔美国人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
Other observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Other observers counter her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家反驳了她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到答复的抱怨.
Other observers disagree her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家不同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到答复的抱怨.
Other observers support her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家支持她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到答复的抱怨.
Other observers argue her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家认为,她的观点是, Snapchat基本上没有得到答复的抱怨.
Other observers reject her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家拒绝接受她的观点, Snapchat的抱怨基本上没有得到回应.
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company has not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company is not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司并未公布其员工的多样性数据,而是注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company s not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并注意到其作为一家私人公司的地位。
The company operates not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, citing its status as a private company.
该公司以其作为私营公司的地位为由,没有公布其员工的多样性数据。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Friday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
上周五,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一名招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并负责内部的包容工作。
On Wednesday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周三,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Monday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周一,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一名招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并负责内部的包容工作。
On Tuesday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周二,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On February, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
2月,Snapchat拒绝讨论其员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘用了一名招聘人员,专门处理人数不足的问题和内部推动包容工作的问题。
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For hers part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们是否真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是O.K.”。
For she part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们是否真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For herself part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她自己会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们是否真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For a part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士表示,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我怀疑他们真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For the part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat帐户,并补充道:“我不知道他们是否真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the U States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
国会小组在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the US States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the New States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
新国家中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。 国会小组在周四发布的一份报告中说。
Officials from the American States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中说,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的特别工作组的中期报告发现,中央司令部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim review, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院军务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个工作队进行的中期审查发现,中央司令部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The initial report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院军务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个工作组的初步报告发现,中央指挥部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The the report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院军务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席成立的工作队的报告发现,中央司令部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The a report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
一份由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的特别工作组的报告发现,中央指挥部情报分析师普遍不满,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的判断。
the interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个工作队的临时报告在中央指挥部情报分析员中发现了“普遍的不满”,这些分析员说,上司正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央指挥部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
of Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
司令部(简称Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
and Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
司令部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
to Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
司令部(简称Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
in Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
在司令部,被称为Centcom,是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
the Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
司令部被称为Centcom,是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
" Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
一份有关报道的新闻稿说:“Centcom高级领导人批准的情报产品通常比当地事实更正面地描述美国的反恐努力,而且始终比情报部门其他部门的分析更积极。”
" Intelligence product approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
Centcom高级领导人批准的情报产品通常比当地事实更正面地描述美国的反恐努力,而且始终比情报界其他部门的分析更积极。
" Intelligence reports approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
Centcom高级领导人批准的情报报告通常比当地事实更正面地描述美国的反恐努力,而且始终比情报界其他人员的分析更积极。
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的作战人员会遭受损失。”
" The happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的作战人员会遭受损失。”
" This happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说,“在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的作战人员在向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时会遭受损失。”
" It happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说,“在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的作战人员在向高级决策者提供糟糕分析时遭受苦难。”
" He happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说,“他在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的作战人员在向高级决策者提供糟糕分析时遭受打击。”
" We happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“在Centcom,我们发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的作战人员在向高级决策者提供糟糕分析时遭受损失。”
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的领导失误影响到了该组织的最高层。
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very bottom of the organization.
Centcom的领导失误触及了组织的最底层。
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very end of the organization.
Centcom领导层的失职触及了该组织的尽头。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细介绍了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
the 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细说明了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
in 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
在2014年和2015年的10页报告中,详述了美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部描述和分析中长期存在的问题。
to 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
2014年和2015年,美国中央司令部对美军训练伊拉克部队的描述和分析中,有10页至10页的详细长期存在的问题。
of 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
在2014年和2015年,美国中央司令部对美国训练伊拉克部队的努力的描述和分析中,有10页报告详细说明了长期存在的问题。
and 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
2014年和2015年,美国中央司令部对美军训练伊拉克部队的描述和分析,共10页。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁表示更加乐观的看法。
Although it gives no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有确切的证据证明奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改这些报告,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
Although it provides no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁表示更加乐观的看法。
Although it presents no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们感觉他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
Although it provided no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
Although it reports no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有报告奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
" Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
" Throughout operational first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在整个2015年上半年的行动中,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
" Throughout its first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,中央司令部的许多新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更为积极。
" Throughout a first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,2015年上半年,中央司令部的许多新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
" Throughout Army first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在整个军队2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更为积极。
" Throughout that first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在整个2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击最早可能从2015年4月或5月开始。
of example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,要收回摩苏尔的大规模军事攻击可能早在2015年4月或5月就开始了。
and example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,要收回摩苏尔的大规模军事攻击可能早在2015年4月或5月就开始了。
to example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击最早可能于2015年4月或5月开始。
the example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,要收回摩苏尔的大规模军事攻击可能早在2015年4月或5月就开始了。
For s, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
一位Centcom的官员公开表示,要收回摩苏尔的大规模军事进攻可能最早要到2015年4月或5月才开始。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,仍然在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, continues under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,继续处于伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remained under the control of the Islamic State.
伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔仍由伊斯兰国控制。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of The Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,仍然在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of ISIL Islamic State.
伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔仍然在伊黎伊斯兰国的控制下。
" After months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点非常清楚。”
" in months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党议员麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“在几个月的调查中,这一点非常清楚。”
" the months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“几个月的调查,这非常清楚。”
" and months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说,“而且几个月的调查,这些都非常清楚。”
" of months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过几个月的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
" After years of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过多年的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the mid of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
the the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
2014年年中至2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
in the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
2014年中期至2015年中期,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国的威胁。
of the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
在2014年中期至2015年中期,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,以降低伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
and the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
2014年年中至2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans established the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans formed the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后组成了特别工作组。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence on the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that information about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的信息被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about IS Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四公布的调查报告将会有更深入的发现。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more detailed findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四公布的调查报告将会得到更详尽的调查结果。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more comprehensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四公布的调查报告将会得到更全面的调查结果。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more substantial findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四发布的报告将会有更实质性的发现。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more thorough findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四发布的报告将会得到更彻底的发现。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more relevant findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四公布的调查报告将会得到更相关的调查结论。
There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Defense of Defense inspector general.
国防督察长还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
There was an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部督察长又对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions from the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions by the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions to the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions conducted the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions assigned the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过于孤立的进程。
" During 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
”在2014年和2015年,Centcom创建了一个过于孤立的程序,用于对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估,委员会首席民主党代表亚当·希夫(Adam B. Schiff)在一份声明中表示。
" In 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
2014年和2015年,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过于孤立的程序。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an excessive insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过度的孤立进程。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an inappropriate insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom创建了一个不适当的孤立进程,用于对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an inadequate insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个不适当的孤立进程。
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,伤害了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
the process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“使情报产品停止了发放,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
a process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
希夫说,一个过程“阻止了情报产品的发布,伤害了分析师的士气,并且“没有充分考虑异议。”
in process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
希夫说,在调查过程中,“情报产品停止了发放,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
of process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
希夫说,“停止了发放情报产品,在分析师中打击了士气,并且没有充分考虑异议。”
and process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,“停止了情报产品的发布,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
the Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
施夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相符合。
and Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
希夫和民主党说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相符合。
of Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
希夫和民主党说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师们将其结论与“预先设定的”或“政治叙事”相符合。
to Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
希夫和民主党人表示,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相符合。
But Mr. Schiff and the Republicans said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但施夫和共和党人表示,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师们将其结论与“预先设定的”或“政治叙事”相符合。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Wednesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期三报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Thursday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期四报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Monday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期一报道了国会调查的初步结果。
the preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的初步结果。
and preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的初步结果。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last October, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年10月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last September, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年9月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last July, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年7月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last June, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年6月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last May, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年5月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would no comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康的对话。”
But she said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但是她说,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行有益的对话。”
But I said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但我说,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康的对话。”
But said said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但是说,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行有益的对话。”
But was said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但有人说,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行有益的对话。”
But He said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行有益的对话。”
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The probe has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国主导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,这一调查也产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The inquiry has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The investigation is repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,这次调查也产生了反响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
the investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国主导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)之外,调查也产生了影响。
of investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)之外,调查也产生了影响。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但去年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
and last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
以及去年有关奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区的军事行动能在多大程度上依靠中央司令部进行诚实评估的指责。
the last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
去年的言论让人怀疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
to last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
奥巴马总统在多大程度上可以依靠中央司令部对伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区的军事行动进行诚实的评估?
of last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
奥巴马总统在多大程度上可以依靠中央司令部对伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区的军事行动进行诚实的评估?
But recent year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但近年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什的内阁对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The criticisms on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克(Gregory Hooker)写了一份研究论文,称布什总统的执政当局对许多分析师表示“反对”,主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有时间思考2003年入侵后将发生什么。
The criticismss on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什总统的执政当局对许多分析师的"反对"持反对态度,主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The characterizations on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的描述反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师Gregory Hooker写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什总统的行政当局对许多分析师"持反对态度",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The criticss on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评者反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称布什总统的执政当局对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The analyzes on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的分析反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称布什总统的执政当局对许多分析师“持反对意见”,主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,对2003年入侵事件后将发生什么问题几乎没有时间思考。
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
a. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报叛乱中也扮演了关键角色。
of. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
and. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
the. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
to. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last June, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员们说,胡克的团队在去年6月得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last July, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员们说,胡克的团队在去年7月得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并没有显著削弱恐怖组织的资金,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last November, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员们说,胡克的团队在去年11月得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并没有显著削弱恐怖组织的资金,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last December, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员们说,胡克的团队在去年12月得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱该恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该公司已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last May, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员们说,胡克的团队在去年5月得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并没有显著削弱恐怖组织的资金,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但《纽约时报》9月报道说,这一发现并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
and the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
据《纽约时报》9月报道,调查结果并未在中央指挥部外分发。
the the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
据《纽约时报》9月报道,调查结果并未在中央指挥部外分发。
of the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
据《纽约时报》9月报道,调查结果并未在中央指挥部外分发。
in the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
据《纽约时报》9月报道,在调查结论中,没有在中央指挥部外分发。
to the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
据《纽约时报》9月报道,该发现并未在中央指挥部外分发。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by General. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央司令部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
and Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯丁于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
the Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯丁于4月退役,在中央司令部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
to Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯丁于4月退役,在中央司令部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
of Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯丁于4月退役,在中央司令部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一天,凯蒂·班在6比1战胜日本的比赛中得3分,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在3比0击败印度队后,取得了前两个进球。
One week after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一周前,凯蒂·班在6比1战胜日本的比赛中进了三个球,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在3比0击败印度队后,获得了美国女子曲棍球队的前两个进球。
One Day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一天后,凯蒂·班在6比1战胜日本的比赛中得3分,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在3比0击败印度队时,在球队中获得了第2个进球。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
the goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事。
to goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
在两场比赛中进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
in goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
在两场比赛中,进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
of goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
在两场比赛中进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
and goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的进球应该是一个值得纪念的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
" I have no clue, " she said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 她说.
" I have no clue, " he said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 他说.
" I have no clue, " I said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 我说.
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是4比0,他们和英国队联手,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍没有败下阵来。
and is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
她知道:美国人在奥运赛场上是4比0,他们和英国队联手,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍保持不败状态。
the is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
她知道的是:美国人在奥运比赛中是4比0,他们在他们组中与英国连为一体,英国在周四击败日本2比0后仍保持不败状态。
to is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
她知道:美国人在奥运赛场上是4比0,他们和英国队联手,英国队在周四击败日本2比0之后没有败下阵来。
of is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
她知道:美国人在奥运赛事上是4比0,他们和英国队联手,英国队在周四击败日本2比0之后没有败下阵来。
Here is what she does know : The American are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是4比0,在他们队中,他们与英国队连为一体,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍没有败下阵来。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
the teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁在六队的排行榜上完成第一决赛,谁在第二决赛中完成第二决赛。
of teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队的四分之一决赛已经合格,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
to teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
in teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队在四分之一决赛中是合格的,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
and teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
球队在四分之一决赛中是合格的,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排行,谁先完成第二组。
The first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一决赛的完成者会避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
the first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一名的完成者会避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
and first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一名的完成者会避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
of first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,排在第一位的荷兰人,也就是其他排行榜的排行榜的排行榜的排行榜将会被淘汰一段时间。
to first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
在四分之一决赛开始的时候,对一等决赛的决赛者来说,将避免强大的荷兰人,即其他球队的领袖。
in first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
在一等决赛中,当四分之一决赛开始的时候,排在排行榜首位的荷兰人,也就是排在前列的排行榜前的荷兰人,将会被拒之门外。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都在这里引起了轰动,他们令人惊讶地跑在这里,四年后,他们终于完成了12个球队的比赛。
However Sunday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期天的比赛结果如何,美国人都以他们在这里令人惊讶的跑步来引起轰动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
the Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
在上周六的比赛中,美国队以他们令人惊讶的跑步声,在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中连续4年完成比赛,引起了轰动。
and Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
周六的比赛结束后,美国队以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步声,在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中,连续4年完成比赛,引起了轰动。
to Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
周六的比赛结束后,美国队以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步声创下轰动,四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
of Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
在上周六的比赛中,美国队以他们令人惊讶的跑步声创造了一阵轰动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew raised in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔(Drexel)打球),第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁时加入国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She was up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell),3岁时第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),16岁的时候加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She raised up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球)第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁时加入国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She and up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次在蓝贝尔(Blue Bell,Pa.)捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁时加入国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She is up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell),3岁时第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),16岁的时候加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
她在2008年奥运会上错过了,当时她没有为最终的入围名单做好准备。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not an the cut for the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有获得最终的入围名单。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not a the cut for the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有获得最终的入围名单。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not in the cut for the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有获得最终的入围名单。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not s the cut for the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有获得最终的入围名单。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not on the cut for the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有获得最终的入围名单。
Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的。
and came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
2012年,她和她的队友们没有什么事能说得通的了。
to came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
到了2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的了。
of came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
在2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的了。
the came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
到了2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的了。
Then became 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
到了2012年,她和她的队友们都无所适从。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆(Craig Pannham)被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
第二年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The subsequent year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
后来的一年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The later year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
后来一年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The second year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
第二年,英国人克雷格帕纳姆(CraigParnham)被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The first year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
第一年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
We didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
我们在伦敦没有现在的工作时间.
We didn't have the work rate before London that we have now.
我们在伦敦之前没有现在的工钱率.
the didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率。
to didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率。
of didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
伦敦没有现在的工薪率。
a didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
A伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
the Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
in Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
of Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
to Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
and Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,一直保持1比0的成绩,直到第三次比赛结束时,巴姆才夺冠。
India had gone into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,一直保持1比0的成绩,直到第三次比赛结束时,巴姆才夺冠。
India had entered into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但表现得令人惊讶地强硬,在第三次比赛结束时,巴姆接任主教练,印度队一直保持1比0的成绩。
India had been into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中一直没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得令人惊讶地强硬,在第三次比赛结束时一直保持1比0的成绩,直到巴姆上场。
India had started into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但表现惊人地强硬,在第三次比赛结束时,巴姆接任主教练,一直保持1比0的成绩。
India had qualified into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队没有在比赛中获胜,就进入了比赛,但是这支球队表现得令人惊讶地强硬,一直保持1比0的成绩,直到第三个赛季,班姆接任主教练。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the shot down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,让美国人以2比0领先。
She made a long run with the goal down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她从球场左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球打进球门,让美国队以2比0领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of her field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,让美国人以2比0领先。
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季的中途又加了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal late through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季加进最后的进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal later through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四段之后又加上了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal earlier through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四轮比赛之前又加了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal early through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四阶段的早期就加进了最终进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal following through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez继第四阶段之后又加上了最后一个进球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中每一场都允许他进一球。
The shuttingout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次决赛是美国守门员杰克·布里格斯的第一次决赛,在前三场胜利中,布里格斯的一球都允许进一球。
The cleanout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这场比赛是美国守门员杰克·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中每一场都允许他进一球。
The setout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这场比赛是美国守门员杰基布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中每一场都允许他进一球。
The iceout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次冰球赛是美国守门员杰基布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中都允许他进一球。
The goalsout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
进球是美国守门员杰姬·布里格斯的第一次比赛,在前三场比赛中,布里格斯每次进一球。
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
萧条时期令人沮丧的食物, 在 “ 广场美食 ”
the Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
萧条时期令人沮丧的食物,在《广场美食》中
and Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
与萧条的压抑食品,在“广场餐”
to Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
向抑郁症的食品,在“广场餐”
in Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
在《萧条的压抑食品》中,在《广场美食》中
of Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
《萧条压抑食品》,在《广场美食》中
In March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
in March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
the March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
and March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
to March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
of March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任总统后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室共进午餐。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼,对五大道的美食颇有品味,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A cigarurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在一家雪茄店里,品尝到了五大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A ateurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在开胃宴会上,品尝到了五大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A homeurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在乡下,品尝到了五大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A dieturmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统在餐桌上品尝了五号大道的美食,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A gurmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的乡下人对第五大道的美食颇有品味,如咖啡粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
His menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
他那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥中,还有甜点里,梅子布丁。
the menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥和甜点里,梅子布丁。
of menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱里,土豆泥里,还有甜点里,梅子布丁。
to menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单更朴素:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥和甜点中,梅子布丁。
in menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
在当天的菜单上更朴素:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥和甜点中,梅子布丁。
and menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单更简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱里,土豆泥里,然后,作为甜点,调味布丁。
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were starving, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对饥饿人群的餐饮声援。”
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who ate suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对吃苦头的人的一种烹饪式的声援。”
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Anne Ziegelman said.
安妮·齐格尔曼说:“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Louise Ziegelman said.
这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪团结,”路易丝·齐格尔曼说。
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Nancy Ziegelman said.
南希·齐格尔曼说:“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
in husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
安德鲁·科在《丈夫》中补充道,“这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息。”
a husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
一个名叫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)的丈夫补充道,“这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息。”
the husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
丈夫安德鲁·科补充道,“这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息。”
and husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
安德鲁·科和丈夫补充道,“这也是对美国人关于饮食的一条信息。”
of husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
安德鲁·科补充道,“这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息。”
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
the. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科的上一本书《肖普·苏依》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
and. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科的上一本书《肖普·苏依》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
of. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科的上一本书《肖普苏依》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
to. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科的上一本书《肖普·苏依》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Chuy, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《乔普·楚伊》(ChopChuy)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97个果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
Their new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀周二将发表他们的新的合作作品《一广场美食》(Aquare Meal),这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
the new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
将于星期二由哈珀出版的新的合作作品《一广场美食》,是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
and new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀将于本周二发表新的合作性著作《一广场餐》,这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
a new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀将于本周二发表的一份名为“一广场餐”的新的合作性著作,是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
in new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
在新的合作工作中,哈珀将于本周二出版的“方餐”,是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
of new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
将于周二由哈珀出版的“一广场餐”是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich 商店)遇到了一位记者。
Showing a culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己的美食团结精神,在艾森伯格的三明治店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop)遇到了一位记者。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for lunch at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森伯格的三明治店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop)午餐时遇到了一位记者。
Show combining some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
在艾森伯格的三明治店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop),他们遇到了一位记者。
Show feeling some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们表现出了自己对烹饪业的声援,在艾森伯格的三明治店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop)遇到了一位记者。
Show gathering some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
在艾森伯格(Eisenberg)的三明治店(Sanvices Shop)上,他们会见了一位记者。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,57岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
the. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
54岁的齐格尔曼点了奶油奶酪和橄榄三明治,57岁的科伊先生吃了火鸡肉、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
a. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
a. 现年54岁的Ziegelman点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,57岁的Coe先生吃了火鸡肉、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
and. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
54岁的齐格尔曼点了奶油奶酪和切橄榄三明治,而57岁的科伊先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜泥。
to. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
54岁的齐格尔曼点了奶油奶酪和切橄榄三明治,而57岁的科伊先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
of. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
54岁的齐格尔曼点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而57岁的科伊先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a conversation of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合在抑郁症时期的饮食对话。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a talk of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合谈论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussing of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discuss of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
and a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
一位记者点了一份肉卷,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能拉伸原料的廉价材料制成的.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap stuff that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由原料和廉价材料制成的,可以拉伸原料.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap something that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能拉伸原料的廉价东西制成的.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap things that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能拉伸原料的廉价东西制成的.
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
想象一下,吃足够的花生来做你的晚餐.
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your breakfast.
想象一下,吃足够的花生可以作为你的早餐。
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your meal.
想象一下,吃足够的花生来作为你的饭.
Mr. Coe grimaced.
科伊先生脸色苍白。
Mr. Coe scowled.
科伊先生皱着眉头。
Mr. Coe frowned.
科伊先生皱起了眉头。
Mr. Coe shrugged.
科伊耸耸肩。
Mr. Coe grunted.
科先生咕哝道。
Mr. Coe snorted.
科伊先生打呼噜了。
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
the the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,成了全能自助餐。
in the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
of the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
to the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
到了大萧条之前的几年,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
and the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
以及大萧条之前的几年,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐时,都供应给一群妇女,她们为男性农场工人烹饪,并吃新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was offered at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐时,都会有一组妇女为男性农场工人烹饪,并有新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was provided at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
在早餐、午餐和晚餐中,为男性农场工人烹调了一组妇女,并提供了新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐都供应给一群妇女,她们为男性农场工人烹饪,并吃新鲜的派。
Teams and women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
在早餐、午餐和晚餐中,团队和妇女为男性农场工人烹饪,新鲜的派。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It were Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It is Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
第一次世界大战期间,美国人把食物送到了饥饿的欧洲人那里。
It was America who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It was US who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It was American who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
" This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“这时候,食品成了美国人民的中心话题。”
" It was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
那时,食品成了美国人民的中心话题,令人头疼。”科伊解释说,他解释了为什么他和妻子想写这个故事。
" The was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
那时,食品成了美国人民的中心话题,令人头疼。”科伊先生解释说,他解释了为什么他和妻子想写这个话题。
" That was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
那时,食品成了美国人民的中心话题,令人头疼。”科伊先生解释说,他解释了为什么他和妻子想写这个故事。
" this was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊解释了他和妻子为什么要写这个故事的原因,说道:“这时候,食物成了美国人民的中心话题,令人头疼。”
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : New dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅之类的新菜成为主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以在酱油的奶油涂层中藏一些不讨人喜欢的成分。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : The dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以在酱油的奶油涂层中隐藏不切实际的成分。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : In dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:在像面包和砂锅这样的菜肴中,砂锅成了主食,是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以在酱油的奶油涂层中藏一些不讨人喜欢的成分。
Equally fraught was the New budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的新预算饮食:神秘的菜肴,如面包和砂锅,成了主食,砂锅是“重新利用剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分隐藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like aaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像酱油和砂锅这样神秘的菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruits.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried produce.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干燥产品.
Meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,肉类一直是美国餐食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
the, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,美国餐饮的中心变成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
of, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,美国餐饮的中心,成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
and, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,美国餐饮的中心变成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉,甚至连厨房常识,奇特的碎块被试了试。
to mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
在热量和营养满足性超越了味觉甚至普通厨房感觉的情况下,对混凝土进行了试验。
in mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
在混凝土中,热量和营养的满足性具有先验的味道,甚至是普通厨房的感觉。
and mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
当热量和营养满足性超越了味觉甚至普通厨房感觉时,人们尝试了混凝土。
the mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
当热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至普通厨房的感觉时,人们尝试了混凝土。
of mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至普通厨房的感觉,对混凝土进行了试验。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书(包括食谱)的过程中,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In studying the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书时,Ziegelman女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In research the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书中,Ziegelman女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In writing the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
齐格尔曼女士在写这本书时(书中包括了食谱),准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In for the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在这本书中,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In in the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在这本书里,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
" It was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
" It was not a popular additions to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不是流行的. ”
" It is not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
" It was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mrs. Coe said.
柯伊太太说: “ 饭桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
" It was not a popular addition to the dinner tables, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
它是许多家庭食谱的特色。
It was characteristic of a lot of the house-ec recipes.
它是很多家庭食谱的特色。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
As before before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,国内经济学家——包括1923年至1943年担任美国联邦家政经济局局长的路易斯·斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
As in before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,国内经济学家——包括1923年至1943年联邦家政经济局局长路易斯·斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
As not before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
与以前或以后不同,国内经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家政经济局局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
As of before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
从以前或以后,国内经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家政经济局局长的路易斯·斯坦利(Louise Stanley)——都养成了国家的饮食习惯。
As the before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,国内经济学家——包括1923年至1943年担任美国联邦家政经济局局长的路易斯·斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,鼓励妇女成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
of recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志的食谱和文章中,她们鼓励女性成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
and recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
以及报纸和杂志上的菜谱和文章,它们鼓励女性成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
to recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志的食谱和文章中,她们鼓励女性成为“预算人”,并奋起面对挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
the recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志的烹饪和文章中,她们鼓励女性成为“预算人”,并奋起面对挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " dieteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,鼓励妇女成为“饮食师”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
" A Square Meal " is a feast of historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一顿历史节日的节日.
" A Square Meal " is a feast about historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一顿关于历史小节的宴会.
" A Square Meal " is a feast sampling historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一顿盛宴的抽样历史小吃.
" A Square Meal " is a feast featuring historical tidbits.
“ 广场餐 ” 是一顿以历史为特色的宴会.
" A Square Meal " is a feast with historical tidbits.
“ 广场餐 ” 是一顿历史节日的宴会.
Especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
特别是政府对待饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任人吃饭的态度。
the savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
令人叹为观止的是政府对饥饿民众的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任性态度。
in savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
令人叹为观止的是政府对待饥饿民众的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任性态度。
of savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
政府对于饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任性态度一样。
and savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
政府对待饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任性态度。
to savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
说政府对待饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任人吃饭的态度。
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开表扬他童年时爱荷华州的简易农舍烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁那样吃饭。
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined as the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开表扬他童年时爱荷华州的简易农舍烹饪时,他却以他成为的百万富翁为食谱。
a he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
他公开表扬爱荷华州的农舍烹饪的童年,他像一个百万富翁一样地吃饭。
of he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
他公开赞扬爱荷华州的农舍烹饪的童年,他像一个百万富翁一样地吃饭。
the he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
他公开赞扬爱荷华州的农舍烹饪他的童年,他像一个百万富翁般地吃着饭。
and he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
他公然赞扬爱荷华州的农舍烹饪的童年,他像一个百万富翁般地吃着饭。
" He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼. ” 科伊先生说.
" He loved to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼. ” 科伊先生说.
" He enjoyed to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼. ” 科伊先生说.
" He tended to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼. ” 科伊说.
" He preferred to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像鱼和黄瓜酱一样. ” 科伊先生说.
" He wanted to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
他想吃美洲大陆的美食,像吃黄瓜酱的鱼,”科伊先生说。
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在镀金的餐厅吃饭。
He ate in almost a gold-plated sitting room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在一间镀金的起居室里吃饭。
He ate in almost a gold-plated dinner room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在一间镀金的饭厅里吃饭。
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining suite, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在一间镀金的餐厅里吃饭。
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining table, wearing a dinner jacket.
他几乎在一张镀金的餐桌上吃饭,穿着一件晚礼服。
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining hall, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在镀金的餐厅里吃饭。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他以腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not urged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有敦促他以自己的腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not advised him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有劝他以腹部为例,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not urging him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有敦促他以腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraging him to set an example with his stomach.
罗斯福总统可能犯了同样的错误,如果他的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他为自己的腹部树立榜样的话。
and Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果他的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励罗斯福在腹部树立一个榜样,那他也可能犯同样的错误。
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所告诉的,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
As the novel tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如小说所说,罗斯福夫人雇用了一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的准备。”
As the memoir tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如回忆录所告诉的,罗斯福夫人雇佣了一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的准备。”
and the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
这本书告诉人们,罗斯福夫人雇佣了一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
the the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
这本书告诉人们,罗斯福夫人雇佣了一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
of the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
这本书告诉我们,罗斯福夫人雇佣了一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,许多大萧条时代的食物方式就被抛弃了。
the of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,大萧条时代的食物就被抛弃了。
of of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,大萧条时代的食物就被抛弃了。
to of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,人们就放弃了大萧条时代的食物方式。
and of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
以及大萧条时期的食物方式,一旦国家重新站稳脚跟就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the nation got back on its feet.
国家一恢复元气,许多大萧条时期的食物就被抛弃了。
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Ziegelman女士说,遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
the legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
齐格尔曼说,留下的遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
and legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
齐格尔曼说,我们继续关注卡路里和营养,并关注科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
in legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Ziegelman女士说,在遗产中,我们继续关注卡路里和营养,并关注科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
to legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
齐格尔曼说,对于遗产,我们继续关注卡路里和营养,并关注科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
of legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
齐格尔曼说,遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了Ziegelman的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The two said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
两人说,写这本书时,他们更了解了齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The team said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
研究小组说,在写这本书时,他们对齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯有了更深入的了解,比如说,她不能丢弃食物。
The the said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
据说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯--比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The had said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
研究人员说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The with said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
研究人员说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊先生说.
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Mrs. Coe said.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊太太说.
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Ms. Coe said.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, ” 科伊说.
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Dr. Coe said.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, " 科医生说.
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼女士回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Mrs. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼夫人回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Mr. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : " She really got people sick. "
齐格尔曼回忆道: “ 她真的让人感到恶心. ”
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子清理完后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the dishes were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆清盘后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mrs. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子清理完后,她和科伊夫人拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" This's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给温和的菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,糖,水和肉桂。
There is no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,糖,水和肉桂。
Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
令人惊讶的是,情况并不糟糕。
surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
令人惊讶的是,情况并不糟糕。
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说:“一些切碎的胡桃子会有所帮助。”
Sound thinking like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他对妻子说:"一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。
Sound laughing like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
听上去像一个能干的预算人一样大笑着,他对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
Sound grinning like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他笑得像个能干的预算人,对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
Sound smiling like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他微笑着,像个能干的预算人,对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
Sound sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他对妻子说:“一些切碎的胡桃子会有所帮助。”
Unfortunately, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
不幸的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
of, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
其中,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
the, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
石油输出国组织最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
to, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
至此,欧佩克的最新月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
in, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
其中,欧佩克的最新月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
and, OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
而且,欧佩克的最新月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的开采道路仍然充满荆棘。
The review cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
审查不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油回收的道路仍然充满荆棘。
the report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的开采仍然充满荆棘。
of report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度。石油的回收路径仍然充满荆棘。
and report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
并且无法阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度。石油的回收路径仍然充满荆棘。
a report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. Oil recovery path is still bristled with thorns.
报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,石油的回收路径仍然充满荆棘。
On Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期一,欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日国际能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
On Thursday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达星期四说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日国际能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
On Tuesday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期二,欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日国际能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
On Sunday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期天,欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日国际能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
the Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日国际能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
in Monday, OPEC Chairman and Qatar Energy Minister Sada said OPEC will hold an informal meeting during the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
欧佩克主席和卡塔尔能源部长萨达说,欧佩克将在9月26日至28日国际能源论坛期间举行一次非正式会议。
The monthly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的月度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The quarterly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克星期三的季度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The weekly report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的周报显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The annual report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克星期三的年度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The financial report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三的财务报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量日增加46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
The daily report of OPEC on Wednesday showed that the output of the entire OPEC organization in July, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克星期三的每日报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织7月份的产量每天增加了46 000桶,达到331 100万桶/日。
OPEC also said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克还在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC has said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克(OPEC)在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC had said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克(OPEC)在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC itself said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克(OPEC)在一份月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC said said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克表示,在一份月度报告中,原油价格的下跌促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了对市场的过度供应。
OPEC the said in a monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus increasing the degree of excess supply to the market.
欧佩克(OPEC)在一份月度报告中说,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而提高了市场供过于求的程度。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长的预期和原油库存的意外增加,加剧了过度的市场供应。
Affected by the news, coupled with the production output expectations of rising crude oil and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, aggravating the excessive market supply.
受新闻影响,加上原油产量预期上升和原油库存意外增加,加剧了过度的市场供应。
As of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.07%。
As of Tuesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至周二收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.07%。
As of Thursday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至周四收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.07%。
As of Friday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至上周五收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌了2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌了2.07%。
As of Monday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至周一收盘时,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌了2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌了2.07%。
to of Wednesday's close, the light crude oil futures of New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % in September and the future price of crude oil in October in London Brent fell by 2. 07 %.
截至周三收盘,纽约商交所原油期货9月份下跌2.48%,伦敦布伦特原油期货10月份下跌2.07%。
Reuters believes that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters thinks that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社认为,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters says that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社表示,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters claims that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社称,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters argues that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社称,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能使石油供应趋紧,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Reuters states that the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by US Energy Information Administration also suppress the market sentiment.
路透社表示,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场情绪。
Iran's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯周三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
the's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯周三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
and's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.
伊朗石油部长赞加内在星期三援引伊朗官方新闻社法尔斯的讲话时说,伊朗的原油日产量高达38.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
to's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯周三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
of's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻社法尔斯周三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
in's official news agency Fars on Wednesday, quoting the speech of Zanganeh, Iranian oil minister, said that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which has been the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻社法尔斯周三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
At the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
在发布会议消息时,俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克说,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
in the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息时表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
the the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息时表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
of the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克表示,在发布会议消息时,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
to the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克表示,在发布会议消息之前,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
and the release of the news of the meeting, the Russian energy minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of frozen production negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克表示,在当前油价下,没有必要进行新一轮冻结生产的谈判。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
4月,石油生产国举行会议,欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
It is April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
今年4月石油生产国举行会议,欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was achieved among the OPEC member countries.
4月,石油生产国举行会议,但欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
the was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
石油生产国于4月举行会议,但欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
of was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
4月,石油生产国举行会议,欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
to was April when the oil-producing countries had meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries.
4月石油生产国举行会议,欧佩克成员国之间没有达成协议。
Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
Emma Reynolds, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师埃玛?雷诺(Emma Reynolds)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议做出过度反应。
Emma Johnson, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?约翰逊(Emma Johnson)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议做出过度反应。
Emma Roberts, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?罗伯茨(Emma Roberts)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
Emma Smith, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?史密斯(Emma Smith)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
Emma Williams, an oil and gas analyst at BMIResearch, said the market and the media could react excessively to OPEC's meeting.
BMIResearch油气分析师艾玛?威廉姆斯(Emma Williams)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议做出过度反应。
Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克罗夫特(Herlima Croft)表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
He Alexa Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管He Alexa Croft表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
tolima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)商品策略主管托利玛?克罗夫特(Tolima Croft)表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
andlima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管Andrema Croft表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
oflima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管奥佩克(OPEC)表示,通过发出他们将达成协议的信号,欧佩克改变了市场情绪。
thelima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada, said OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would make an agreement.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管克罗夫特(Croft)表示,欧佩克(OPEC)发布了他们将达成协议的信号,从而改变了市场情绪。
This means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ).
这就像一面烟雾和一面引人注意的镜子 ( 故意给人错误的印象 ).
This means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( intentionally giving a false impression ).
这就像一面烟雾和一面吸引人们注意的镜子 ( 故意给人错误的印象 ).
in means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ).
意思是像烟雾和一面引人注意的镜子(故意给人错误的印象)。
a means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ).
象烟和镜子这样引起人们注意的意思(故意给人错误的印象)。
the means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ).
意思是像烟雾和镜子那样引起人们的注意(故意给人错误的印象)。
and means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people's attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ).
意思是像一面烟雾和一面引人注意的镜子(故意给人错误的印象)。
This is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming ".
这可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
the is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming ".
可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
and is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming ".
并且可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
to is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming ".
可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
in is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming ".
很可能进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
a is likely to further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming ".
可能进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,这个组织已经策划了一场“狼来了”。
All localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地医疗单位如有非法的医疗广告,举报重点应放在过去,并屡次受到处罚,作为检查重点。
and localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
地方应将有非法医疗广告的医疗机构、以过去为重点的投诉、屡次受到处罚的医疗机构作为检查重点。
the localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地应当将有非法医疗广告的医疗机构、以过去为重点的投诉、屡次受到处罚的医疗机构作为检查重点。
to localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
将非法的医疗广告、申诉集中到各地的医疗机构,屡次作为检查重点受到处罚。
in localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地对有非法医疗广告的医疗机构,应当以过去为主,屡次以检查为主进行处罚。
of localities should take medical institutions which have illegal medical advertising, complaints focusing on the past and have repeatedly been punished as a focus of inspection.
各地医疗单位应当将非法医疗广告、申诉集中到过去、屡次受到处罚的场所作为检查重点。
National Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
the Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
卫生委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
of Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
卫生委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
and Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
卫生委员会、国家中医管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
to Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
卫生委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
in Health Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
卫生委和国家中医管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督。
According to media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体披露,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According per media disclosure, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体的披露,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品一致性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media revelation, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体的启示,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品一致性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐消退,资金进入等待期。
According to media statement, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体的报道,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品一致性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media report, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
据媒体报道,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品一致性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐消退,资金进入观望期。
According to media release, the large influx of capital into the Internet medicine has resulted in the serious problem of current product homogeneity. Investment boom fade gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体报道,大量资金流入互联网医学已导致当前产品一致性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入观望期。
According to the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有20%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to a data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有20%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to in data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有20%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to of data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有20%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According to and data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料及资料,一九九一年内,一大批新开业的互联网医疗公司破败,约有20%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
According by the data of Hong Kong Ai Li Pi Hospital Management Research Center, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished just within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies has ceased to exist.
根据香港爱丽皮医院管理研究中心的资料,许多刚起步的互联网医疗公司仅在一年之内就倒闭,约有20%的互联网医疗公司不复存在。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
然而,正值大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎之时,一些子领域领先的企业仍能得到人们的称赞。
However, even as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
然而,尽管大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎,几个子领域的主要企业仍能被吹捧。
in, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
在大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎之时,几个子领域领先的企业仍能被人们所吹捧。
and, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
并且,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎一样,一些子领域领先的企业仍能得到人们的称赞。
the, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
正如大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎一样,几个子领域领先的企业仍能得到人们的青睐。
of, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle in the road of A round or B round of financing, several sub-areas leading enterprises can still get the capital touted.
在大多数互联网医疗公司在A轮或B轮融资中挣扎的同时,几个子领域领先的企业仍能得到人们的青睐。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不是“群”而是“群”看市场的需要,是专业的、深入的。
It seems that The Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不是“群”而是“群”看市场的需求,是专业的、深入的。
It seems that a Internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不应“群”化,而应看市场需求,具有专业性和深度。
It seems that the internet medical business shall not " swarm ", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
互联网医学业务似乎不是“群”而是“群”看市场的需求,是专业的、深入的。
It seems that the online medical business shall not " swarm ", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
似乎网上医疗业务不是“群”而是“群”看市场的需求,是专业的、深入的。
It seems that the web medical business shall not " swarm ", but to see the needs of the market, and be professional and profound.
网络医学业务似乎不是“群”而是“群”看市场的需求,是专业的、深入的。
Yuyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
andyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
安第斯投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
toyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
玩具投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
theyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
他们投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
inyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
投资1200万元人民币,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元人民币,占注册资本的60%。
ofyue invested 12 million yuan, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested 18 million yuan, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
人民币投资1200万元,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元,占注册资本的60%。
In recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子和综合的供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
in recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子化综合供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
to recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子化综合供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
the recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子化综合供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
of recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家在医疗信息方面提供政策支持,电子化综合供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
and recent years, with the country providing policy support in the medical information, electronic and integrated supply chain management system gradually enter the hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家对医疗信息的政策支持,电子化综合供应链管理系统逐步进入各级医院。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The collaboration between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The cooperation with Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
与裕月、九州通的合作着眼于市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
the cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
of cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
in cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
以裕月与九州通的合作为目的,针对市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Unlike many internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Unlike many web medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的网络医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Unlike many online medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的在线医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Unlike many Web medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的网络医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Unlike most Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be professional on pregnant mothers and doctors.
与大多数参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,对孕妇和医生具有专业性。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant woman can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant Women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant women will not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可免费享受24小时的医疗服务,并可与医生进行一对一的查询,而且还可支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one investigation with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务,并与医生进行一对一的调查,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one evaluation with doctors, but also pay for medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务,并与医生进行一对一的评估,而且还可以支付医疗咨询费用。
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
At the physician's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、案件讨论等形式。
At the Doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、案件讨论等形式。
At the expert's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在专家方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、案件讨论等形式。
At the consultant's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在顾问方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,其形式是组织专家为基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、案件讨论等。
At the Doc's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、案件讨论等形式。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,为医科病人分别设置了三片,供医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for physicians to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,为医科病人分别设置了三板,供医师继续教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for patients to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,医科科科室为病人分别设置了三板供病人继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for professionals to continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,医生服务对象方面分别设置了三张牌照,供专业人士继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通。
At present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for doctors for continue education, social exchange and communication.
目前,为医科病人分别设置了三张服务牌,供医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
in present, three plates are set up for doctor's client side, respectively, for doctors to continue education, social exchange and communication.
现时,为医生的委托人分别设立了三张牌照,供医生继续接受教育、社会交流和沟通之用。
The following services are provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services the provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供下列服务,包括在线学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services is provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services institute provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务机构,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services scheme provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务计划,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门医生交流的社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
The following services it provided, including online learning, case discussion and academic exchange ; social platform for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department ; legal assistance, business support and other services required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life.
提供以下服务,包括网上学习、个案讨论和学术交流;同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台;法律援助、商业支持以及医患关系或个人生活所需的其他服务。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得大的健康数据。
of to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
在媒体报道中,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得重大健康数据。
and to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得大量健康数据。
the to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,CEO王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得大量健康数据。
in to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
在媒体的报道中,CEO王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”,以赢得重大健康数据。
to to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
至媒体报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”以赢得大的健康数据。
Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,无法在同一条条目上提供统一的信息。
Internet companies and data company are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司缺乏专业性,无法在同一条条目上提供统一的信息。
in companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
在公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,不能在同一条目上提供统一。
to companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,不能在同一条条目上提供统一。
of companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,不能在同一条条目上提供统一。
and companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided on the same entry.
公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,不能在同一条条目上提供统一。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局划分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院三个板块。
The configuration of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的配置分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院三个板块。
The location of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗和卫生领域的位置划分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院。
The site of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗和卫生领域的站点分为三个板块,即阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院。
The space of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的空间划分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院三个板块。
The complex of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three plates, namely, Ali Health, Lynx Pharmacy and Alipay future hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的综合体分为阿里健康、林克斯药房和阿利帕未来医院三层。
Wang Lei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王雷承认,相比其他行业,医药和医疗公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Lui admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王雷承认,相比其他行业,医药和卫生公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Fei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王飞承认,相比其他行业,医药和医疗公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Lii admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王立承认,相比其他行业,医药公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Kei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王淇承认,相比其他行业,医药卫生公司更难创业,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Hei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness.
王海承认,相比于其他行业,医药和卫生公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games does damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会确实很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games may damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会可能会轻易伤害人心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games should damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会会容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games can damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games has damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
Brazil Olympics Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥运会正在全力以赴,即使该活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
the Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使这次活动是在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
of Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
即使这次活动是在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
to Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
in Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
In this regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this respect, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regards, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this matter, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这件事情上,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In that regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In which regard, the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压,从而引起心血管疾病。
If you stay awake for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间保持清醒,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压和心血管疾病。
If you stay out for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间外出,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,不能正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压,从而引起心血管疾病。
If you stay down for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间卧床,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压,从而引起心血管疾病。
If you stay asleep for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间保持睡眠,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压和心血管疾病。
If you stay tired for a long time, the hormone will have a lot of secretion and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction, blood pressure and thus cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间疲劳,激素会有很多分泌物,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩、血压,从而引起心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒那些有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就很容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressures, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒那些有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就很容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, a blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就可能容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, the blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒那些有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就很容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people who have high blood pressure, in blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就可能容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan reminded people whom have high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors may easily suffer from cardiovascular disease if staying up late.
韩志远提醒那些有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜就很容易患心血管疾病。
If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你熬夜,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统、神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you get up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你晚起,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统、神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you sleep up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你睡得很晚,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统、神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you spend up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你熬夜,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统、神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you stay awake late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system, neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你醒得很晚,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统、神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
For old friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于老朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For past friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于过去的朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For former friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于前友人,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For common friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于普通朋友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For close friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于密友,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
For mutual friends, Han Zhiyuan suggested them better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular disease.
对于朋友来说,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
During a last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
in the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上届世界杯足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
to the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次世界杯足球赛上,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
of the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
the the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related with staying up late to watch games.
在上次世界杯足球赛上,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的医科治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
According by Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
韩志远说,他所在的医科治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
the to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
在韩志远的治疗中,他所在的系治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
to to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
对韩志远来说,他所在的系治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
of to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
在韩志远,他所在的系治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
and to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to long-term stay up of patients.
韩志远医生曾治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长期停留在病人的体内。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的体育活动,观看第二天复播的其他体育活动。
1. Be not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的体育活动,看第二天复播的其他体育活动。
1. No not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
例句这个人说:"不要每天熬夜,你偶尔可以整夜看最喜爱的运动节目,看第二天复播的其他运动节目。
1. The not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
每日不熬夜1.你偶尔可以整夜不熬夜看最喜爱的体育活动,看第二天复播的其他体育活动。
1. You not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
你每天不能熬夜,你偶尔可以熬夜看最喜爱的运动,看第二天复播的其他运动节目。
1. Do Not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的运动,看第二天复播的其他运动节目。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can reduce blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以减少堵血,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during stay up as this can decrease blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2.你可以多喝水,多吃水果,这样可以减少堵血,增强身体免疫力。
On August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力夺得了铜牌。
in August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
在北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力夺得了铜牌。
of August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
8月12日北京时间,2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三轮体态决赛后,中国老兵杜力夺得了铜牌。
and August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
和8月12日北京时间,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三轮体态决赛后,中国老兵杜力夺得了铜牌。
the August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
在北京时间8月12日的8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力夺得了铜牌。
to August 12 Beijing time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won the bronze medal.
至8月12日北京时间,2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪三场决赛后,中国老兵杜丽夺得了铜牌。
Du Li became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜莉先后四次成为奥运会的冠军,在这4届奥运会上赢得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Wei became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜薇先后四次荣获奥运金牌,在这4届奥运会上分别夺得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Chen became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜陈先后四次荣获奥运金牌、银牌和铜牌,在本届奥运会上夺得了两枚金牌、一枚银牌和一枚铜牌。
Du Liu became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜刘先后四次夺得奥运会金牌、银牌和铜牌,在本届奥运会上夺得了两枚金牌、一枚银牌和一枚铜牌。
Du Chun became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜春先后四次荣获奥运会金牌、银牌和铜牌,在本届奥运会上夺得两枚金牌、一枚银牌和一枚铜牌。
Du Zhang became a consequent winner of the Olympic Games for 4 times. She won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in these 4 Olympic Games.
杜章先后四次荣获奥运会金牌、银牌和铜牌,在本届奥运会上分别夺得了两枚金牌、一枚银牌和一枚铜牌。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
in 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
the 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
and 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
和1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
of 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
to 1998, she became a member of Shandong Province shooting team and followed Coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
到1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,并打破了世界纪录,射出504.9枚炮弹。
in June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯(World Coria)站女子10米气步枪的比赛,以504.9环打破了世界纪录。
the June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯(World Coria)站女子10米气步枪比赛,以504.9环打破了世界纪录。
of June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,以504.9环打破了世界纪录。
a June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
a 2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,以504.9环打破了世界纪录。
to June, 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of World Cup Croatia station and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
至2003年6月,她参加了克罗地亚世界杯站女子10米气步枪的比赛,并打破了世界纪录,射出了504.9枚炮弹。
In August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
in August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为中国队在雅典奥运会上夺得了第一块金牌。
the August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
在2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为中国队在雅典奥运会上夺得了第一块金牌。
of August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
在2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为中国队在雅典奥运会上夺得了第一块金牌。
a August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子10米气步枪金牌,从而为中国队在雅典奥运会上夺得了第一块金牌。
and August, 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
以及2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为中国队在雅典奥运会上夺得了第一块金牌。
In August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置打入一枚金牌,打破了690.3环的奥运纪录。
in August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置打入一枚金牌,打破了690.3环的奥运纪录。
and August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
和2008年8月,她在50米跑步步枪的3个位置打进一枚金牌,打破了690.3环的奥运纪录。
the August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
在2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置打进一枚金牌,打破了690.3环的奥运纪录。
of August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她在50米长的运动步枪的3个位置打入一枚金牌,打破了690.3环的奥运纪录。
a August, 2008, she scored a gold and broke the Olympic record for 690. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
a 2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置打入一枚金牌,打破了690.3环的奥运纪录。
In August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月, 在伦敦奥运会严重失败后, 杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛 ( ISSAF ).
in August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月,在伦敦奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛(ISSAF)。
the August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月,在伦敦奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛(ISSAF)。
of August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
2012年8月,在伦敦奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛(ISSAF)。
and August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
和2012年8月,在伦敦奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛(ISSAF)。
to August, 2012, after serious failing in the London Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Stainless Steel Forum ( ISSF ).
至2012年8月,在伦敦奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际不锈钢论坛(ISSAF)。
In January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2015年1月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
in January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
杜力于2015年1月宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
the January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
杜力宣布重返国家队开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
of January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
于2015年1月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
to January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
至2015年1月,杜丽宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
and January, 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
In March, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.
2016年3月,在里约奥运会资格考试结束后,她历时8年,赢得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
In February, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.
2016年2月,在里约奥运会资格考试结束后,她历时8年,赢得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
in March, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.
2016年3月,在里约奥运会资格考试结束后,她历时8年,赢得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
the March, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.
2016年3月,在里约奥运会资格考试之后,经过8年的考验,她赢得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
of March, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.
2016年3月,在里约奥运会资格考试之后,经过8年的考验,她赢得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
and March, 2016, after the Rio Olympic qualification trials, after a lapse of 8 years, she won the women's 10-meter air rifle eligibility for the Olympic Games.
和2016年3月,在里约奥运会资格考试之后,经过8年的考验,她赢得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
On August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,杜丽在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪上获得207枚银牌。
in August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,杜力在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪上获得207枚银牌。
the August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,杜力在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪上获得207枚银牌。
of August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
在2016年8月6日的比赛中,杜丽在里约热内卢奥运会女子10米气步枪上获得一枚207枚戒指的银牌。
to August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
至2016年8月6日,杜丽在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪上获得207枚银牌。
and August 6, 2016, Du Li scored a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
以及2016年8月6日,杜丽在里约热内卢奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛中夺得207枚银牌。
On August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
in August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
the August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
and August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
以及2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
of August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
在2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
to August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle of the Rio Olympic Games.
至2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪的铜牌。
The film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年初在央视和莱特夫上映,并将首次推出VR全景纪录片。
The film will expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年初在央视和莱特夫上映,并将首次推出VR全景纪录片版本。
of film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
预计将于明年初在央视和莱特夫首映影片。VR全景纪录片亦将首次推出。
the film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年初在央视和莱特夫上映,并将首次推出VR全景纪录片版本。
and film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
并有望在明年年初在央视和莱特夫上首次放映电影。VR全景纪录片版本也将首次推出。
to film is expected to first show on CCTV and Letv in the early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
将于明年初在中央电视台和莱特夫首映影片。VR全景纪录片亦将首次推出。
The documentary " Polar " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
纪录片《极地》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合和西藏与世界互动的故事。
The Documentary " Polar " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
纪录片《极地》是一部以世界第三极青藏高原为主的大型作品,从新角度讲述了藏族传统与现代世界融合和西藏与世界互动的故事。
The documentary " polar " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
纪录片《极》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合和西藏与世界互动的故事。
the documentary " Polar " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
纪录片《极地》是一部以世界第三极青藏高原为主的大型作品,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合、西藏与世界互动的故事。
a documentary " Polar " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
一部纪录片《极地》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合和西藏与世界互动的故事。
and documentary " Polar " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
《极地》和纪录片《极地》是一部以世界第三极青藏高原为主的大型作品,从新的视角,讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合、西藏与世界互动的故事。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看《沉浸》,这也提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The most advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
VR作品的最大优点是让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”并且这也提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The big advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
VR作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”并且这也提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The major advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
VR工作的主要优点是让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”并且这也提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The main advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的主要优点是让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看《沉浸》,这也提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The least advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " and this also raise a higher request for the shooting process.
VR作品的最大优点是让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”并且这也提高了拍摄过程的要求。
The production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》专辑的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,并让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
The producer team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》(Polar)VR特版制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有沉浸在其中的感觉。
The production team for " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》VR特版的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
The production team with " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
全景VR特版的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有沉浸在其中的感觉。
the production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》VR专辑的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
a production team of " Polar " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every aspect of the screen is impeccable and let the audiences have senses of immersive.
《极地》专辑的制作团队说,他们将确保屏幕的每个方面都是无懈可击的,让观众有一种沉浸在其中的感觉。
On August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队在高温34摄氏度的昆山组织特种战争狙击手进行丛林训练。
in August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队在高温34摄氏度的昆山组织特种战狙击手进行丛林训练。
of August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
八月十一日,山东军团烟台分遣队在昆山高温34摄氏度下组织特种战狙击手进行丛林训练。
and August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
和8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队组织特种战狙击手在昆山高温34摄氏度下进行丛林训练。
the August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
八月十一日,山东军团烟台分遣队组织特种战狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山进行丛林训练。
to August 11, the Armed Police Shandong Corps Yantai detachment organized special war snipers to have jungle training at Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
至8月11日,山东军团烟台分遣队组织特种战狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山进行丛林训练。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
the the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战时期,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致了美国和苏联的核战争。
and the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战时期,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致了美国和苏联的核战争。
of the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战时期,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led into the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba, which almost led in the US-Soviet nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联将导弹运入古巴,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
This event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This incident was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This crisis was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这场危机被视为冷战的顶峰, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
the event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰,被称为“古巴导弹危机”。
and event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰,被称为“古巴导弹危机”。
to event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis. "
这一事件被视为冷战的顶峰,被称为“古巴导弹危机”。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is poorly known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但目前还不清楚的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致了美国对苏联的核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is no known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但未知的是,在冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is much known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但众所周知,冷战期间强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,研究者直到8月9日才宣布这个事件。
But what is not known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但未知的是,在冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is still known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident has not been announced by the researchers until August 9.
但人们仍然知道,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
On May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
1967年5月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方在北极地区的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
of May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方在北极地区的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
in May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
1967年5月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方在北极地区的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
a May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
a 1967年5月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方在北极地区的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
the May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
1967年5月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方在北极地区的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
to May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military in the Arctic.
到1967年5月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国军方在北极地区的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, and for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
These Radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
the radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
of radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
to radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
the paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
文章由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
to paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
科罗拉多大学的研究人员对参与太阳活动预测和分析的美国军事人员进行了采访,并审查了非机密文件。
in paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
科罗拉多大学的研究人员写了一篇论文,采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
and paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写了论文,采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
of paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
文章由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
The paper wrote that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书写道,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些携带核弹头的战斗机在空中飞行。
The paper stated that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书指出,在20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机在空中发射核弹头。
The paper commented that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
该报评论说,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军在20世纪60年代一直有一些战斗机在空中发射核弹头。
The paper reported that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
该报报道说,在20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军总有一些战斗机在空中发射核弹头。
The paper said that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
白皮书说,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机在空中发射核弹头。
The paper quoted that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters with nuclear warheads flying in the sky.
文章援引了20世纪60年代的话说,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些携带核弹头的战斗机在空中飞行。
US military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国军事指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US fighter commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国战斗机指挥官并不知道干扰的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US Soviet commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国苏维埃指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
the military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
军事指挥官不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴,而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
and military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
军事指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴,而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
to military commanders did not know that the culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
军事指挥官不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴,而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
to, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
此后,美国军队开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
the, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
and, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
in, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
其中,美国军队开始研究太阳活动及其自20世纪50年代以来对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这一潜在的军事冲突。
of, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
其中,美国军队从1950年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这一潜在的军事冲突。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
the, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
of, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
其中,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
to, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
他总结了美国空军气象局提供的资料,并提交了一份详细的报告。
and, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
他总结了美国空军气象局提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
Later, he summarized B information provided by the US Air Force Air Meteorological Service and submitted a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军气象局提供的B类信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
The direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The direct result of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将太空天气视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的太空天气预报系统。
The directly consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
the direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将太空天气视为一个战斗关注问题,并建立了更强大的太空天气预报系统。
to direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将太空天气视为一个战斗关注问题,并建立了更强大的太空天气预报系统。
of direct consequence of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这次太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方将空间气象视为一个战斗关注问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
During daily travel, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们无法与奇怪的车辆司机接触。
During daily traveling, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们无法与奇怪的车辆司机接触。
During daily travelling, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们无法与奇怪的车辆司机接触。
During daily travels, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在日常旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们无法与奇怪的车辆司机接触。
During daily journey, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在每天旅途中,当公民发现他们的车辆受到一辆奇怪的车辆的阻碍时,他们可能使用"WeChat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题,因为他们无法与奇怪的车辆司机接触。
During daily travelers, when citizens found that their cars were hampered by a strange vehicle, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem when they failed to contact with the strange vehicle driver.
在 每天 旅行 的 人 中, 当 公民 发现 他们 的 车辆 受到 奇怪 车辆 的 阻碍 时, 他们 可以 使用 “ 移动 的 韦 赛 特 车辆 ” 来 解决 这 一 问 题, 因为 他们 没有 与 奇怪 的 车辆 司机 接触 。
From August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'an traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
从8月11日开始, 西安交通警察 韦查特 服务电话 “ 西安交通警察 ” 启动 了 “ 威查特汽车移动服务 ”.
in August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'an traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
在8月11日,西安交通警察的Wechat服务号码“西安交通警察”推出了“西干车辆移动服务”。
to August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'an traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
至8月11日,西安交通警察韦氏服务号码“西安交通警察”推出“西干车辆移动服务”。
of August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'an traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
在8月11日西安交通警察韦查特服务电话“西安交通警察”启动“西干汽车移动服务”。
and August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'an traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
和8月11日,西安交通警察的Wechat服务号码“西安交通警察”推出“西干车辆移动服务”。
the August 11, Xi'an traffic police WeChat service number " Xi'an traffic police " launched " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
8月11日,西安交通警察韦氏服务电话“西安交通警察”启动“西干汽车移动服务”。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launch of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launched of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launches of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过“WeChat”功能解决这些问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their vehicles were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their car were hampered by unfamiliar vehicles, the driver of which is not at the scene, they may solve the problems via " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的车辆因不熟悉的车辆而受阻时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
The new service has many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs ; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens ; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.
新服务有多种功能,一是快捷高效,节约管理费用;二是尊重和保护公民隐私;三是全天候全天候服务。
The new service combines many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs ; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens ; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.
新服务结合多种功能,其中一是快速高效,节约管理成本;二是尊重和保护公民隐私;三是全天候全天候服务。
The new service is many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs ; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens ; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.
新服务功能繁多,首先是快速高效,节约管理成本;其次是尊重和保护公民隐私;第三是全天候全天候服务。
The proposed service has many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs ; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens ; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.
拟设的这项服务有许多功能,第一个功能是快速高效,节省管理费用;第二个功能是尊重和保护公民的隐私;第三个功能是全天候和全天候服务。
The New service has many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs ; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens ; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.
新服务有多种功能,一是快捷高效,节约管理费用;二是尊重和保护公民隐私;三是全天候全天候服务。
The current service has many functions, the first of which is fast efficiency, saving administrative costs ; the second is respecting and protecting the privacy of citizens ; and the third is all-weather and full-time service.
现行服务有多种功能,一是快捷高效,节约管理费用;二是尊重和保护公民隐私;三是全天候全天候服务。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以通过他们的WeChat非常方便地使用该方法,使双方能够轻松友好地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the two sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以通过他们的WeChat非常方便地使用该方法,使双方能够友好、轻松地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can run it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以用他们的WeChat非常方便地使用该方法,使双方能够轻松友好地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can manage it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以通过他们的WeChat非常方便地进行管理,这种方式使双方能够友好、轻松地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can service it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以很方便地使用WeChat,这样可以使双方友好、方便地举行会议,减轻和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can install it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such method enables the both sides to meet in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以很方便地使用WeChat安装,使双方能够轻松友好地举行会议,缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle the actual situation based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管理部门表示,交通警察将根据实际情况采取不同措施处理实际情况。
On the another hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle the actual situation based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管制部门表示,根据实际情况,交通警察将采取不同措施处理实际情况。
On August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
八月九日,在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点上,上罗供电公司的10多名年轻员工来到这里,开展了“引进古镇电力活动”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
in August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
今年8月9日,在丹凤县迪华市文化旅游景点,上罗供电公司的10多名年轻员工来到这里,开展了“引进古镇电力活动”和“复七”主题活动。
to August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
至8月9日,在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点,上罗供电公司的10多名年轻员工来到这里,开展“引进古镇电业”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
of August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
今年8月9日,在丹凤县迪华市文化旅游景点上,上罗供电公司的10多名年轻员工来到这里,开展了“引进古镇电力活动”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
and August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
以及8月9日,在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点,上罗供电公司的10多名年轻员工来到这里,开展“引进古镇电力活动”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
the August 9, in the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County, more than 10 young workers of Shangluo power supply company came here to carry out the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
八月九日,在丹凤县迪华镇文化旅游景点上,上罗供电公司的十多名年轻员工来到这里,开展“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng County Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司丹凤县结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng District Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司丹凤区结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng City Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司丹凤市结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company Danfeng Mountain Company combines with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " introduce electricity activity in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司丹凤山公司结合精神文明建设,积极组织“引进古镇电力活动”和“二七”主题活动。
Staff who participated in the activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
Staff who participated in a activities said, " We spent most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends. "
参加活动的员工说:“我们把大部分时间都花在了工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天。”
" This time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting. "
这一次,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐和和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它,有意义和有趣的。
" The time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting. "
公司给我们提供了如此轻松、快乐、和谐的平台,我真的很喜欢它,有意义和有趣的。
" I time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting. "
公司给我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐、和谐的平台,我真的很喜欢,有意义而且有趣。
" In time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting. "
渐渐地,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐、和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它,有意义和有趣的。
" the time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting. "
公司给我们提供了如此轻松、快乐、和谐的平台,我真的很喜欢,有意义和有趣的。
" in time the company has provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it, meaningful and interesting. "
终于,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐、和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它,有意义和有趣的。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
二度七庆主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的好评,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double 7th Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
第七届青年节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的欢呼,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double 7 Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
双七节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的欢呼,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Youth Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
青年节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的好评,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seven Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
七重庆主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的欢呼,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Music Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim of youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange with more other young people.
双人音乐节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的欢呼,希望公司日后能组织此类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Nadal, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
纳达尔是一名西班牙巨星,是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8,他也有资格入围决赛。
Na Martín, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军纳马丁击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8,他也有资格入围决赛。
Na González, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星纳·冈萨雷斯(Na González)是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8。
Na López, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军纳洛佩斯击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8,他也有资格入围决赛。
Na Martínez, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军、北京奥运会冠军纳·马丁内斯击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8。
Na Fernández, a Spanish giant star and men's singles champion for Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and men's double is also qualified for the final.
西班牙巨星、男子单打冠军纳·费尔南德斯(Na Fernández)击败了对手,在男子单打和男子双打中名列前8。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出特别的偏好,那达尔一击就大获全胜。
thedal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
那位大满贯的金牌获胜者对奥运会表现出特殊的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔人敲门,赚了大钱。
anddal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢得者安达尔对奥运会表现出特殊的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔人打了起来,赚了大钱。
todal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
托达尔,大满贯金牌的获胜者,表现出了对奥运会的特殊偏好。
ofdal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢得者奥多尔对奥运会表现出特别的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳多尔人敲了敲门,赚了很大的钱。
Nadal, his grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
纳达尔,他的大满贯金牌赢家,表现出了对奥运会的特殊偏好,那达不稳的纳达尔打了起来,赚了大钱。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and andgia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和安吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and forgia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和福希争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and agia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和阿希争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and asgia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的泰凯和阿希亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian Tekay and atgia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚队的特凯和阿塔吉争夺金牌。
Rio Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在里约奥运会女子单人赛中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单人赛半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
Rio Olympics women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运女子单打项目吸引了很多选手,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
to Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在奥运女子单打项目中,许多种子运动员退出了,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
of Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在奥运女子单打项目中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
the Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在奥运女子单打项目中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
and Olympic women's singles project witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seed players. After a few days of intense competition, women's singles semi-finals were born on 11th day of the month.
在奥运女子单打项目中,许多种子运动员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打半决赛于本月第11日诞生。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final seat will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖竞争最终优惠券,而基思和科别尔之间也将获得最后的席位。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final body will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖争夺最后的优惠券,而Keith和科别尔之间将再生产另一套优惠券。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final trim will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖竞争最终优惠券,而基思和科波尔将再出最后的优惠券。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final car will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖竞争最终优惠券,另一辆最终汽车将在基思和科别尔之间生产。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final coupon and another final chassis will be produced between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普盖争夺最后的优惠券,而另一张最终的底盘将在基思和科比尔之间生产。
The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the semi-finals : Hingis / Basinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打的半决赛还在半决赛中进行:辛吉斯/盆地对赫拉瓦科娃的比赛;马卡罗娃/威斯康星对斯特里克尔·科瓦/萨法罗娃的比赛。
The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the semifinals-finals : Hingis / Basinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打半决赛还在半决赛中进行:辛吉斯/盆地对赫拉瓦科娃;马卡罗娃/威斯康星对斯特里克尔·科瓦/萨法罗娃。
The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the doubles-finals : Hingis / Basinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打半决赛还在双决赛中进行:辛吉斯/盆地对赫拉瓦科娃的比赛;马卡罗娃/威斯康星对斯特里克尔·科瓦/萨法罗娃的比赛。
The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the quarter-finals : Hingis / Basinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打的半决赛还在四分之一决赛中进行:辛吉斯/Basinssky诉Hradeca/Heravacova;马卡拉瓦/威斯康星诉Styker Kova/Safarova。
The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the semi-final : Hingis / Basinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打半决赛的半决赛还在半决赛中进行:辛吉斯/Basinsky诉Hradeca/Heravacova;马卡拉瓦/威斯康星诉Styker Kova/Safarova。
The semi-finals of the women's doubles are also produced in the semi-semifinals : Hingis / Basinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
在半半决赛中也有女子双打半决赛:辛吉斯/盆地对赫拉瓦科娃和赫拉瓦;马卡罗娃/威斯康星对斯特里克尔·科瓦/萨法罗娃。
The final eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的8个也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The final four is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的四人也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The final 8 is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的8个也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The final two is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
最终的2个也是在同一天在混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The semifinal eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
半决赛八是在同一天以混合双打制成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出超越了混合双打。
The quarterfinals eight is also produced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of the number one seed Ma Hu / Garcia combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
决赛八分之一决赛当天也是在混合双打中完成的,但第一种子马湖加西亚组合的失败和纳托组合的退出胜过混合双打。
On April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年4月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
in April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年4月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
of April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
美国和日本于2015年4月27日在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
the April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年4月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
to April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
至2015年4月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
and April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
以及2015年4月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界上扮演更具进攻性的角色。
This is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田文雄和日本国防部长中田中雄出席纽约记者招待会的日子。
This was the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田中雄将军出席纽约记者招待会的日子。
This is the date the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田中雄将军出席纽约记者招待会的日子。
This is the Day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
今天是美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田文雄和日本国防部长中田中雄出席纽约记者招待会的日子。
the is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
当天,美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田中雄将军出席了纽约的记者招待会。
and is the day the US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japan's Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York.
当天,美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田中雄将军出席了纽约的记者招待会。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日军评估报告和第四次发布英文版。
the is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日本军事评估报告和第四次发布英文版。
and is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日军评估报告和第四次发布英文版。
in is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日本军事评估报告和第四次发布英文版。
a is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
a 是中国民间智囊团第五次发布日本军事评估报告和第四次发布英文版本。
to is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth launch of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发布日军评估报告和第四次发布英文版。
The report is divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
全文分为政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事体制改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等九章。
The report has divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分九章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事体制改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report was divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分九章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report drafted divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分九章,包括总体政策调整、兵力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事体制改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report proposed divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
该报告分为九个部分,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report draft divided into nine chapters, including the overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告草稿共分9章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
the report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
and report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报道说,2015年是安倍政府去年推行重大安全政策调整的阶段性一年。
in report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报告中说,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
of report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报道说,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
to report said that the year 2015 is a phased last year of the Abe government to promote major policy adjustments in the security area.
报道说,2015年是安倍政府去年推动安全领域重大政策调整的阶段性一年。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
自那以后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
in then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
在那时,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
of then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
至此,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
to then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
至此,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
the then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
日本在安全领域的举措主要是在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
and then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational level, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
然后,日本在安全领域的举措将主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务一级,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
The report stressed that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
The report highlighted that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告强调指出,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美联盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
The report stated that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告说,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美联盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
The report summarized that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告总结说,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以实现日本“正常国有化”和民兵出面干涉国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起和中国抵抗。
The report noted that the Abe Cabinet tried to break through the above three points to achieve the promotion of Japan's " normal nationalization ", and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen Japan-US alliance and prevent the rise of China and resist China.
报告说,安倍内阁试图突破上述三点,以促进日本的“正常国有化”,并疏远民兵,干涉国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起,抵抗中国。
Previously, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
and, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
of, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
其中,2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日,中国战略文化促进委员会公布了日本军事评估报告。
to, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此后,中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
in, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
其中,2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日、2014年6月30日,中国战略文化促进委员会公布了日本军事评估报告。
the, the China Strategy and Culture Promotion Council released the Japanese military assessment report on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
中国战略文化促进委员会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
British " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
UK " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
London " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
伦敦“金融时报”8月12日发布了一组关于美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
English " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了一系列美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
The " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
Britain " Financial Times " on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
According to the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可作为安全屋。
According to this article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的外观,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可以用作安全屋。
According to The article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的外观可以作为冷战时期约翰·勒卡雷间谍小说中的安全屋。
According per the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,根据文章,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的外观可以作为冷战时期约翰·勒卡雷间谍小说中的安全屋。
According of the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的外观可以作为冷战时期约翰·勒卡雷间谍小说中的安全屋。
According in the article, in contrast, the appearance of the American ambassador's residence, from the appearance of view, can be used as safety house in the cold war spy novels of John le Carré.
相反,从表面上看,美国大使官邸的出现,在约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说中可作为安全屋。
The residence is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
住宅是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The house is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
房子是灰色的,并被周边栅栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The dwelling is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
住宅是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The Residence is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
住宅是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The building is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
建筑是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
The home is gray, and strongly fortified by peripheral fence, the second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
房子是灰色的,并被周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障所加固。
Dark coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
黑暗的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”的足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代体育博物馆。
A coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
一个煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代体育博物馆。
I coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
我的煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖塔植物变成了一个现代体育博物馆。
the coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,红砖尖塔植物变成了一个现代体育博物馆。
The coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
煤田仓库变成了“绿草”足球场,红砖尖塔植物变成了现代体育博物馆。
a coal field warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern sports museum.
一个煤田仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代体育博物馆。
On the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗美宁体育文化公园在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
in the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在国家健身日,南罗美宁体育文化公园在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
to the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
至全国健身日,南罗美宁体育文化公园在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
of the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
在全国健身日,南罗美宁体育文化公园在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
and the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
和全国健身日,南罗美宁体育文化公园外的杭州王江大门,揭开了神秘的面纱。
the the national fitness day, Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil.
全国健身日,南罗美宁体育文化馆在杭州王江大门外,揭开了神秘的面纱。
It was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
它曾经是一片煤田,在关闭后十多年内一直闲置,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
the was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
这座煤田曾是一片煤田,在关闭后已闲置了十多年,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
and was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
曾是一片煤田,在关闭后十多年内一直闲置,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
to was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
曾是一片煤田,在关闭后十多年内一直闲置,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
in was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
在煤田中曾经是一片煤田,在关闭后的十多年里一直闲置,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
a was a coal field once and remained idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
a 曾是煤田,在关闭后十年多以来一直闲置,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟肥沃的土壤。
After the renovations, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟肥沃的土壤。
After the reconstruction, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
重建后,它成为体育文化公园,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟肥沃的土壤。
After the transformation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
改造后,它成为体育文化园区,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场馆,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟新的肥沃土壤。
After the renovated, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
更新后,它成为体育文化公园,并将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟肥沃的土壤。
the the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new fertile soil for the whole people.
在装修后,它变成了一个体育和文化公园,将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑将为全体人民开辟一片肥沃的土壤。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这让人们想起了杭州的陈景伦学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This name people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这个名字叫杭州陈景伦学校的人,是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This was people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这是杭州陈景伦学校的学生,是中国游泳界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This that people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这是杭州陈景伦学校的人,是中国游泳界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This school people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
本校学生来自杭州陈景伦学校,是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
This so people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun School. This is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, in which several world champions were born.
这就是杭州陈景伦学校的人,是中国游泳界的“黄埔军校”,其中诞生了数位世界冠军。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,对竞技体育和全国性体育之间的关系作出生动的解释,其广袤的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming championships will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地制作游泳锦标赛,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系作出生动的解释,这种深厚的群众基础为选拔职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming champion will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地制作游泳冠军,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系作出生动的解释,这种深厚的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming championship will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地产生游泳冠军,对竞技体育和全国性体育之间的关系作出生动的解释,这种深厚的群众基础为选择职业运动员提供了良好条件。
Swimming stars will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
连续不断的制作运动明星,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系作出生动的解释,为选拔职业运动员提供了良好的大众基础。
Swimming titles will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base provided a good condition for selecting professional players.
连续不断的制作体育赛事,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系进行生动的阐释,为选拔职业运动员提供了良好的大众基础。
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The Level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The levels of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育的水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
the level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育的水平与全国体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上依赖于全国体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
to level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技运动与民族体育的基础密切相关,竞技运动在一定意义上取决于民族体育,而民族体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
of level of competitive sports is closely related to the foundation of national sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on national sports, and national sports depend on the conditions of the site.
竞技体育水平与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上依赖于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
According to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According to estimates, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据估算,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According per reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据报道,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According by reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据报道,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
According from reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
of to reports, as of 2015, the area of China's per capita sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far behind the sports power.
据悉,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于体育实力。
In June this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年六月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In May this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年5月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In April this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年4月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育列为主要内容。
In March this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年3月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In September this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年9月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划 ( 2016-2020年 ) 》,将发展群众体育列为主要内容.
In July this year, the State Council issued a " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content.
今年7月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2016-2020年)》,把发展群众体育作为重点内容。
In order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
为填空板,有关部门应当充分考虑城市规划中的体育场布局。
in order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
为了填空板,有关部门应当充分考虑城市规划中的体育场布局。
to order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
有关部门应当充分考虑城市规划中体育场的布局,方可在短板上填满。
of order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.

and order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
有关部门应当充分考虑城市规划中体育场的布局,并责令补足短板。
the order to fill the short board, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the layout of the stadium at urban planning.
规定补足短板的,有关部门应当充分考虑城市规划中体育场的布局。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆的单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
of the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆的单位,应努力扩大开放范围,尽量提高效率。
to the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆的单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
the the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆的单位,应努力扩大开放范围,尽量提高效率。
and the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, a already built public sports venues, including schools and other units in the sports venues, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他体育场馆的单位,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
里约奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,它激起了人们体育的热情,同时也唤起了每个人对参赛的认识。
the Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
里约奥运会正在全力以赴,激发了人们体育的热情,也唤起了大家对参赛的认识。
and Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
里约奥运会正在全力以赴,激发了人们体育的热情,也唤起了大家对参赛的认识。
to Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
里约奥运会正在全力以赴,激发了人们体育的热情,也唤起了大家对参赛的认识。
of Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
里约奥林匹克运动会正全力以赴,激发了人们体育的热情,也唤起了大家对参赛的认识。
in Rio Olympic Games, which is in full swing, has stimulated people's enthusiasm for sports, but also aroused everyone's awareness of participation.
在里约奥运会上,蓬勃发展,激发了人们体育的热情,也唤起了大家对参赛的认识。
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead与默克公司竞争丙型肝炎专利获得律师费
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent battle with Merck
在丙型肝炎与默克的专利之争中,基列获得律师费
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent case with Merck
Gilead向默克公司收取丙型肝炎专利案的律师费
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent suit with Merck
Gilead向默克公司收取丙型肝炎专利诉讼的律师费
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Science Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Science Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Technologies Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
基列(Gilead Technology Inc)有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费。
Gilead Research Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Research Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Labs Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Labs Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Laboratories Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Laboratories Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经裁定,该诉讼涉及制药商默克公司(Merck & Co Inc)。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年6月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gielead因侵犯与Gilead的巨型毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In July, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
7月,Gielead因侵犯与Gielead大片毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个Merck专利而损失了2亿美元,在此之前,美国法官发现,Merck有不当行为,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为。
In May, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年5月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gilead因侵犯与Gilead大片毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In April, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年4月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gilead因侵犯与Gilead大片毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In March, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年3月,在一名美国法官发现默克有不当行为,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gilead因侵犯与Gilead大片毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In September, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年9月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gilead因侵犯与Gilead大片毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)提交案卷时表示,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
in a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
美国地区法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼在周四的存档中说,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
a a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
美国地区法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼周四的存档说,基列有权免除在为案件辩护时收取的费用。
of a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
美国地区法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼于本周四提交案卷时表示,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时收取的费用。
to a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼在一份申请表上说,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
the a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
美国地区法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼星期四的存档说,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈90%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is struggling to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正在努力赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据了市场主导地位,可治愈90%以上的肝病病人。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The suit dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该诉讼可追溯到2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The lawsuit dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
诉讼可追溯到2013年,当时,基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir(sofosbuvir)的实验室工作。
The litigation dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
诉讼可追溯至2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品中活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The claim dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
这项索赔可追溯到2013年,当时,Gilead和Merck相互起诉,声称拥有Gilead毒品中活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The action dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
这一行动可追溯到2013年,当时,基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经控制了该城。
U. S.-backed forces have taken full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经全面控制了该城。
U. S.-backed forces have captured full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,美国支持的部队在土耳其边界附近占领了北部城市曼比吉的完全控制权。
U. S.-backed forces have gained full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经完全控制了该城。
U. S.-backed forces have entered full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经完全控制了该城。
U. S.-backed forces have secured full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的军队已经完全控制了该城。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 现在扫荡了这座城市,在此之前还有一批武装分子被困在这座城市里。
Syria Defensive Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚防卫部队(SDF)现在正在清扫该市,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该市。
Syria Defence Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚国防部队(SDF)现在正在清扫该市,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该市。
to Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
在其余一批被困在该市的武装分子离开后,民主力量(SDF)现在正在扫城。
of Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
民主力量(SDF)现在正在清扫该市,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该市。
in Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
在民主力量(SDF)现在扫城后,剩余的一群武装分子离开后,被困在该市。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had released over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF associated Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的2 000多名平民人质,他们是SDF的关联者Manbij军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF affiliated Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们隶属于曼比吉军事委员会的民防部队的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF aligned Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,这些人是SDF的Sharfan Darwish,他们与Manbij军事委员会结盟,对路透社说。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF backed Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,SDF的Sharfan Darwish支持了Manbij军事委员会告诉路透社。
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" He city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,他所在的城市完全由我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" I city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“我所在的城市现在完全由我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" It city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" We city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“我们的城市现在完全处于我们的控制之下,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" A city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,一个城市完全在我们控制之下,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,联邦税率为34.2%
thes earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
2015年他们挣了1 075万美元,联邦税率为34.2%
ands earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
2015年,美国共缴纳了联邦税率的34.2%
ofs earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
其中,2015年挣得1 075万美元的联邦税率为34.2%
tos earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
2015年共赚1 075万美元,联邦税率为34.2%
ins earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
在2015年挣得1 075万美元,联邦税率为34.2%
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐出了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, The Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐出了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in fundraising contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐出了100万美元的筹款捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
in 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
克林顿在2015年向克林顿基金会捐赠了100万美元的慈善捐款,其中大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,她因在国务院任职期间的著作而从出版商Simon & Schuster那里获得300万美元的收入。
of 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
克林顿夫妇向克林顿基金会捐赠了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
to 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
到2015年,克林顿夫妇共捐资100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿捐资近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,她因在国务院任职期间的著作而从出版商西蒙·舒斯特获得收入300万美元。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's ran mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's candidate mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's nominee mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的提名对象、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's winning mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的获胜伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳了20.3%的联邦有效税率。
They received a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
2015年,他们获得了20.3%的联邦有效税率。
They faced a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
2015年,他们面临20.3%的联邦有效税率。
the paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
2015年联邦有效税率为20.3%。
and paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
并在2015年支付联邦20.3%的有效税率。
of paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
2015年联邦有效税率为20.3%。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现他以前做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
of stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
反之,唐纳德·特朗普却用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现了他以前许诺的释放纳税申报表。
and stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与众不同的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现他以前许诺的释放其纳税申报表。
the stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与此形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现他以前承诺的释放其纳税申报表。
In sharp contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与此形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正躲在假借口后面,背靠背地兑现他以前承诺的释放其纳税申报表。
In contrasting contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
反之,唐纳德·特朗普却躲在假借口后面,背靠背地兑现了他以前关于公布纳税申报的承诺。
It is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
the is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
of is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人公布其报税表是惯例,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
and is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人通常会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It are customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It states customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
它指出,美国总统候选人通常会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的行动”与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" My move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
“我的举动,”克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" Our move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“我们的行动”与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" You move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你行动吧,”他将矛头指向民主党提名人的回归。
" your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的行动”与民主党提名人的回归有关。
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
星期四,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Wednesday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
科恩(Michael Cohen)周三对CNN说,在审计完成之前,他不会允许特朗普释放他们。
On Monday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
科恩(Michael Cohen)周一对CNN说,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Friday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
上周五,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Tuesday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
周二,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会允许特朗普释放他们。
On July, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
7月,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other other Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年的共和党总统候选人罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other moderate Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年的共和党总统候选人罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他温和派共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republican, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人说,他的拒绝引起了他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系等问题。
Trump's opponents, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的对手,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and many fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年的共和党总统候选人罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和许多共和党同僚,都表示,他的拒绝引起了人们对他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
to has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
the has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
上周五,特朗普发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
of has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
in has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
上周五,雷曼兄弟推出了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
and has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
周四, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economy speech in Michigan.
周四,她在密歇根州的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an energy speech in Michigan.
周四,她在密歇根州的一次能量演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economics speech in Michigan.
周四,她在密歇根州的一次经济学演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an growth speech in Michigan.
周四,她在密歇根州的一次成长演说中提出了这个问题。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an business speech in Michigan.
周四, 她在密歇根的一次商业演讲中提出了这个问题。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release our tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝发放我们的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" We refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“我们拒绝做过去数十年中每一个总统候选人都做过的事,也不公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" I refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“我拒绝做过去数十年中每一个总统候选人都做过的事,也不公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" he refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做过去数十年中每一个总统候选人都做过的事,拒绝发放他的报税单,”她告诉民众。
" He wants to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他希望做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对极低的税额只支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has speculated that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士猜测,特朗普在20世纪90年代对极低的税额只缴纳了两年,纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1980s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪80年代,特朗普对极低的税额只缴纳了两年,而纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported said Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,特朗普在20世纪90年代对极低的税额支付了零税,纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
联邦税率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in a presidential election.
在总统选举中,联邦税率已成为一个问题。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the Presidential election.
联邦税率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the federal election.
联邦税率已成为联邦大选中的一个问题.
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the political election.
联邦税率已成为政治选举中的一个问题。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton is endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
希拉里以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)的名字被认可为一条规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的人缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton the endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿赞同以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)的名字命名的一条规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton a endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
希拉里支持一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的人至少缴纳30%的税。
Clinton 2014 endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
2014年克林顿批准了一个以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton s endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
President Barack Obama also backs the proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
President Barack Obama also backs the plan.
奥巴马总统也支持这项计划。
President Barack Obama also backs the measure.
奥巴马总统也支持这一措施。
President Barack Obama also backs the bill.
奥巴马总统也支持这项法案。
President Barack Obama also backs the project.
奥巴马总统也支持这个项目。
President Barack Obama also backs this proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway大企业主所在地巴菲特(Buffett)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
At a Sanders rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)的桑德斯(Sanders)集会上,伯克希尔?哈撒韦(Berkshire Hathaway)大企业主巴菲特(Buffett)挑战特朗普(Trump)开会和交换纳税申报表。
At a Trump rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,巴菲特(Berkshire Hathaway Communerated)位于内布拉斯加奥马哈(Omaha)的特朗普(Trump)对特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表提出了挑战。
At a Democratic rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,巴菲特(Berkshire Hathaway Communerated)位于内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)的一次民主集会挑战特朗普(Trump)开会和交换纳税申报表。
At a 2016 rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,巴菲特(Berkshire Hathaway Communerated)位于内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha),在2016年的上涨中,特朗普(Trump)对会面和交换纳税申报表提出了挑战。
in a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
在上周于内布拉斯加州奥马哈举行的克林顿集会上,巴菲特(Berkshire Hathaway Communerate)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
Buffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特说,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审计,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet stated that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特说,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审计,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet added that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特补充道,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审计,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet called that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特称他也受到国税局(IRS)的审查,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet confirmed that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特证实,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审查,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet responded that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特回答说,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审查,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了从2007年开始的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going up to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了截至2007年的纳税申报表。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40. 5%。
the Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
目前居住在纽约查帕夸的克林顿夫妇从2007年到2014年平均缴纳了约32%的联邦税,而实际的合并税率约为40. 5%。
to Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
希拉里现居纽约查帕夸,从2007年到2014年,其联邦有效税率平均为32%,实际合并税率大约为40. 5%。
of Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
从2007年到2014年,目前居住在纽约查帕夸的克林顿夫妇的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40. 5%。
and Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
克林顿目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,联邦平均有效税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40. 5%。
in Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
现居纽约查帕夸的克林顿夫妇从2007年到2014年平均缴纳联邦有效税率约32%,而实际合并税率约40. 5%。
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与大多数美国人不同, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
the Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿总统2015年的回归表明,与大多数美国人不同,他们收入中只有100美元来自工资。
to Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿总统的2015年回归表明,与大多数美国人不同,他们收入中只有100美元来自工资。
of Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿的2015年回归表明,与大多数美国人不同,他们收入中只有100美元来自工资。
in Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
在克林顿2015年的回归中,与大多数美国人不同的是,他们收入中只有100美元来自工资。
and Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿的2015年回归表明,与大多数美国人不同,他们收入中只有100美元来自工资。
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their main investments was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their primary investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their principal investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their total investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的投资总额为一个低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their stock investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的股票投资是一个低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿银行报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
凯文·拉博的补充报告;乔纳森·奥蒂斯的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; editing by Jonathan Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Jonathan Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jason Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Jason Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Stephen Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Stephen Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Michael Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Michael Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Todd Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的补充报告;Todd Oatis的编辑
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后的阿拉伯"-RT新闻"要求
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Palestinian " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后巴勒斯坦人的要求"RT新闻
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arabic " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后的阿拉伯语"-RT新闻"
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Israeli " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后以色列"要求"RT新闻
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arabs " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后阿拉伯人"要求的"RT新闻"
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French photographer of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太裔法国摄影师透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工引用了阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French journalist of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位犹太裔法国记者透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列拨号密码,雇员援引阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French documentary of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
在他透露柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列拨号密码后,一部关于犹太人起源的法国纪录片引起了媒体的愤怒。
A French producer of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自法国的犹太裔制作人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,员工引用了阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French film of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一部关于犹太人血统的法国影片引起了媒体的愤怒,因为他透露柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,员工引用了阿拉伯顾客的“请求”。
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者克劳德·兰兹曼在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
the Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
在柏林的肯宾斯基布里斯托尔酒店(Kempinski Bristol Hotel),Lanzmann是大屠杀纪录片“Shah”的作者,他在FAZ德国出口处写了一封公开信,表达了他的不满。
in Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
在兰茨曼,大屠杀纪录片《肖赫》的作者在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
of Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店(Kempinski Bristol Hotel),《纳粹大屠杀》纪录片“Shah”的作者兰茨曼(Lanzmann)在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信,表达了他的不满。
and Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《Shah》的作者兰兹曼在柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
to Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店向大屠杀纪录片“Shohah”的作者兰茨曼发泄了他的不满情绪,他在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最近的逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his recently stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最近逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his previous stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在上次逗留期间,Lanzmann试图在酒店提供的拨号单上找到以色列。
During his last stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最后一次逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his late stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他晚间逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号单上找到以色列。
During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in a list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最近的逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到这个国家。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one could call directly from the room.
但是,在那些可以直接从房间打电话的国家中,没有提到这个国家。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call direct from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到这个国家。
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new German, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国人的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the New Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How was it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
and is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列是否可能被消灭和根除?
the is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列是否可能被消灭和根除?
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to call Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心给以色列打电话的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to phone Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心给以色列打电话的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to telephone Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心给以色列打电话的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to ring Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个机会,通过自己的呼叫中心来与以色列联络。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to reach Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心到达以色列的机会。
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上谈到了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the matter at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上讲了这件事.
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 使他感到震惊. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann recounted " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼重复道, “ 使他感到震惊 ”.
The answer he got there, Lanzmann said " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼说, “ 使他感到震惊. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann writes " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道: “ 震惊他. ”
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“肯宾斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定”。
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management chain Kempinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“由Kempinski-Hotels管理连锁店精心决定的”。
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management company Kempinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“管理公司Kempinski-Hotels的慎重决定”。
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Wieninski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“威宁斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定”。
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Minskinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“由明斯基酒店管理层的审慎决定”。
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Moscowinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“莫斯科饭店管理层的慎重决定”。
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move triggered even more anger by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因引发了电影制片人的愤怒。
The reason behind the move triggered even more reaction by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因引发了电影制片人更多的反应。
The reason behind the move triggered even further outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因引发了这位电影制片人的更大愤慨。
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage from the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了这位电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move triggered further more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因引发了这位电影制片人的更大愤慨。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说。
" The majority of Our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼引用这名员工的话称。
" The majority of our guest are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的代码,”兰兹曼引用这名员工的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be removed, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说:“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求撤除以色列密码。”
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(Yakov Hadas-Handelsman)称这起事件“非常可惜”。
Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼称这起事件“令人非常羞愧”。
of ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼称这起事件“令人非常羞愧”。
and ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(Yakov Hadas-Handelsman)和驻德国大使称,这起事件“令人大为羞愧”,Suddeutsche Zeitung报道说。
the ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(Yakov Hadas-Handelsman)将这起事件称为“极大的耻辱”,Suddeutsche Zeitung报道。
in ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
在驻德国大使雅科夫哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼称这个案子是“非常耻辱的”。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
发生在德国和那个连锁酒店的事实,更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotels chain, is an even greater disgrace.
发生在德国以及在那条连锁旅馆里的事实,更是令人丢脸了。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very resort chain, is an even greater disgrace.
在德国和在那个度假胜地的连锁店里,这更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very Hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
在德国和在那个酒店连锁店里,这更让人丢脸了。
the fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
事实上,它发生在德国,也就是在那家酒店的连锁店,更是耻辱。
of fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
事实上,它发生在德国,也就是在那家酒店的连锁店里,更是耻辱了。
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们期望酒店得出正确的结论。
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusion, " the official said.
我们期望酒店得出正确的结论。
We hope that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们希望酒店得出正确的结论。
We believe that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们认为酒店得出正确的结论。
We trust that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们相信酒店得出正确的结论。
We understand that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们理解酒店得出正确的结论。
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 阿拉伯客户的所谓要求.
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved In " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 阿拉伯客户的所谓要求.
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the allegations demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 阿拉伯客户的指控要求.
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店位于高贵的Kurfurstandam街,就在一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " a post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”一篇文章指出,酒店位于高贵的Kurfurstandam大街上,矗立在犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " the post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”邮报指出,酒店位于高贵的Kurfurstandam街附近一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another letter stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一封信指出,那家酒店坐落在高贵的库尔弗斯丹达姆街的犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another Post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一家邮报指出,酒店坐落在高贵的库尔弗斯丹德姆街附近一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on Jews, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“对犹太人的耻辱,”另一个帖子指出,酒店位于高贵的库尔弗斯丹达姆街,站在一个犹太教堂附近。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店自己也迅速排除了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
The Hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店自己也迅速排除了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
the hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店自己也很快摆脱了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
and hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
酒店本身也迅速避免了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
of hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店本身迅速回避了任何指责,将所发生的事情称为对兰兹曼的“疏忽”和“道歉”。
to hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
罗德·斯皮盖尔报道说,酒店本身很快就避免了任何指责,把发生的事情称为“疏忽”,对兰兹曼“道歉”。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" It was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来就没有直接命令”不把以色列列入快速拨号名单,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" One was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“一个从不是直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" That was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“这绝不是直接的命令”,不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" I was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“我从来不是一个不把以色列列入快速拨号名单的直接命令,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" They was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“他们从来不是把以色列列入快速拨号名单的直接命令,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
It adds that the code was now added.
它还说,现在添加了代码。
It adds that the code was now included.
它还说,现在列入了该代码。
It adds that the code was now inserted.
它补充说,现在插入了代码。
It adds that the code was now removed.
它还说,现在删除了代码。
It adds that the code was now deleted.
它还说,现在删除了代码。
It adds that the code was Now added.
它补充道,代码是现在添加的。
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
警察使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets around protesting Brazilian students
警方在抗议巴西学生时使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets on protesting Brazilian students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹抗议巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets towards protesting Brazilian students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹抗议巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets protect protesting Brazilian students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹保护抗议的巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets clash protesting Brazilian students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹攻击抗议巴西学生
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
the clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗与警方发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
a clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗与警方发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
of clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗与警方发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
in clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗与警方发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
and clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗与警方发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against crowd protesters.
警察对示威者使用催泪瓦斯和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against The protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against a protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets on the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets towards the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
The trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了问题。
the trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了问题。
to trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了麻烦。
of trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,从而导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了麻烦。
in trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了麻烦。
and trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了麻烦。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their disappointment at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their disgust at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示厌恶。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their frustration at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示不满。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their disapproval at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示不满。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their criticism at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示批评。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明的提议,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以省钱。
Under suggestions from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明的建议,将关闭近100所公立学校,30万名学生将搬迁,以便省钱。
Under plans from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的计划,只有不到100所公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以便省钱。
Under proposal from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗·杰拉尔多·阿尔克明州州长的提议,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以省钱。
Under recommendations from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的建议,仅100所公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以便省钱。
Under proposed from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议,将关闭近100所公立学校,并重新安置30万名学生,以省钱。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the wall against the interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against The interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on its walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议活动的人在抗议临时总统米歇尔·泰默的墙上涂鸦。
the of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
参加抗议活动的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
of of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
在参加抗议活动的人中,可以看到有人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫(Dilma Rousseff)。
This last protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫(Dilma Rousseff)。
This 2015 protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
这次2015年的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集在街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫几天后发生的。
This March protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
3月的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集到街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫几天后发生的。
This 2016 protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
这次2016年的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集在街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫几天后举行的。
This 2017 protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
这次2017年的抗议活动是在抗议者聚集在街上支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·罗塞夫几天后发生的。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为这个传奇感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor position that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
那位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人处于他的苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的锚位,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为他的传奇感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his teammate Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了主力角色,他的队友苏格兰人克里斯·霍伊爵士(Sir Chris Hoy)扮演了自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人则在夺冠时为这位传奇人物的传奇而自豪。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his Fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,当他冲回家从受青睐的新西兰服装中夺得胜利时,这位年轻人为这个传奇而自豪。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scottishman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士(Sir Chris Hoy)自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他奋力夺回新西兰队的胜利时,为传奇而自豪。
the Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为这个传奇感到自豪。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他的6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
the claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,霍伊夺得了他的6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
of claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,霍伊夺得了他的6枚金牌中的第5枚。
in claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,霍伊夺得了他的6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚,夺冠了,他夺得了5枚奥运金牌。
and claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
由于霍伊夺得了他的六个奥运金牌中的第五个,他于四年前夺冠,夺冠了。
to claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,霍伊夺得了他的6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚,他夺得了5枚奥运金牌。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
And he repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
and they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休了,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
a they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休了,他们还是重复了三月伦敦铁道世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
the they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休了,他们还是重复了三月伦敦铁道世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
to they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
在三月伦敦的铁道世界锦标赛上,霍伊以六分之一的成绩入围之后,他们又重复了这个技巧。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代专业的起步者Jamie Staff。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing top starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代顶尖的起步者Jamie Staff。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing points starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代点头公司杰米·斯塔夫(Jamie Staff).
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing Australian starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代澳大利亚的起步者杰米·斯塔夫(Jamie Staff)。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing international starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代国际初学者Jamie Staff。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing super starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代超级起步者杰米·斯塔夫(Jamie Staff)。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个真空,基安·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿也试图填补这个真空。
iny's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
内蒂的退休也造成了一个真空,让凯恩·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿试图填补这个真空。
toy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
玩具的退役也造成了一个真空,让凯恩·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿试图填补。
ay's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
艾米的退休也造成了一个真空,让凯恩·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿都想填补这个真空。
they's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
他们的退休也造成了一个真空,让凯恩·埃玛迪和马特·克伦普顿都想填补这个真空。
ofy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
托尼的退休也造成了一个真空,让凯恩·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿试图填补这个真空。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in a Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,现在这个潜力已经实现。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in his Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,这一点现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing talent in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国教练员的随行者,他看到了苏格兰现在已经实现的天才。
Skinner is the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳(Skinner)是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Hindes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运赛程,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
tondes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运赛场的比赛纪录,但是在第一轮比赛中,新西兰队超越了标准。
wasndes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
4年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运比赛的纪录,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
ofndes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运赛场的比赛纪录,但是在第一轮比赛中,新西兰超越了标准。
andndes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛在安德斯和斯金纳的比赛中创下了奥运纪录,但在第一轮比赛中,新西兰队超越了标准。
anndes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
肯尼和霍伊的比赛在四年前在安德斯和斯金纳的比赛中创下了奥运纪录,但在第一轮比赛中,新西兰队超越了标准。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
Hindes was narrowly ahead after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后勉强领先,但是肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
tondes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
托恩斯膝盖后落后了几步,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
thendes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
然后,他的膝盖紧跟在后面,但是肯尼推了前面的球队,斯金纳抓住了。
andndes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
安迪斯膝盖后落后了一点,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
ofndes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
弗南德斯膝盖后落后了一点,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of gear was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
变换齿轮是变换中的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的齿轮慢下来,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of harness was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
换一条马具是这种转变的一大部分,因为辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Courtney and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
策略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他的脚步,让考特尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Skinner and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
策略的改变是转型的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让斯金纳,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Hawthorn and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是转变的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让山楂,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们看到了他。
they watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
他们从BBC专家的岗位上望去,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们瞥见了他的目光。
toy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
玩具从BBC专家的岗位上观看,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯登上领奖台时,他引起了人们的注意。
ofy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
尤曾家丽从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们看到了他。
andy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
安迪从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他引起了他们的注意。
iny watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
伊尼从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们看到了他。
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23岁的斯金纳说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
the 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
23岁的斯金纳来自格拉斯哥,他说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
a 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
一位来自格拉斯哥的23岁的斯金纳说:“这是个恭维的比较。”
and 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
和23岁的斯金纳,来自格拉斯哥,说:“这是一个恭维的比较。”
of 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
23岁的斯金纳来自格拉斯哥,他说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
to 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23岁的斯金纳说:“这是个恭维的比较。”
We set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中创下了奥林匹克纪录,并击败了世界冠军.
We set an Olympic record in the final we beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中创下了一个纪录,击败了世界冠军.
There's no better way to win it.
没有比赢得胜利更好的办法了。
There's no better way to get it.
没有更好的办法了。
There's no better way to win this.
没有更好的办法赢得这场比赛了。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳上赛道。
After winninging at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦赢得比赛后,辛德斯承认,在一场糟糕的比赛后,他有意跌入赛场。
After victorying at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取胜后,辛德斯承认在开局不佳后故意跌入了赛道。
After wining at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦赢得比赛后,辛德斯承认,在一场糟糕的比赛后,他有意跌入赛场。
After leadinging at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起带领伦敦奥运会之后,辛德斯承认,在一场糟糕的比赛后,他有意跌入赛场。
After podiuming at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦主讲后,辛德斯承认,在一场糟糕的比赛后,他有意跳上赛道。
He later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
他后来收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
and later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来撤回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
the later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后者收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
a later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来又收回了这一评论,英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
of later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来撤回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
to later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来撤回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
There was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题.
There was no such issue this time round in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题.
There was no such issue this time out in a supreme victory.
这次在一场最高胜利中决不会出现这样的问题.
There was no such issue this time through in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题.
There was no such issue this time on in a supreme victory.
这次在一场最高胜利中并不存在这样的问题.
There was no such issue this time about in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,并不存在这样的问题.
Hindes said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Hindes said : " It felt like London, with all our GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Hindes said : " It felt like London, with all all GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里全是英国国旗. ”
ofndes said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
欧文德斯说:“感觉就像是伦敦,展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗。”
tondes said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
唐德斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里放满了英国国旗。”
andndes said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
安德斯说:“这感觉就像是伦敦,展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗。”
We all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,我们作为一个团队走到了一起.
We all as a team came together in a last three months.
我们作为一个团队在过去三个月里相聚在一起.
and all as a team came together in the last three months.
而在过去的三个月里,所有的球队都齐聚一堂。
the all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,大家都像一个球队一样聚到了一起。
of all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,作为一个团队,所有的人都聚集在一起了。
a all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,作为一个团队,大家聚到了一起。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会是令人惊叹的。
the've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
已经输掉了这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会真是令人惊叹。
and've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
并且已经输掉了这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会真是令人惊叹。
of've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
在很多世界赛事上输了,所以再次赢得奥运会真令人惊叹。
to've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会真是令人惊叹。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to lift the Olympics again is just amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次举奥运真是令人惊叹。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场比赛,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦赢得10个田径冠军中的7个。
of is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
在北京和伦敦的10个田径比赛中,赢得了7个奖牌。
to is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
在北京和伦敦,10个田径冠军中,有7个赢得了国家金牌。
the is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场比赛,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦赢得10个田径冠军中的7个。
and is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
在北京和伦敦的10个田径比赛中,赢得了7个冠军,这是举国夺冠的一件大事。
in is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
在北京和伦敦,在10个田径赛事中,赢得了7个奖牌。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么,5天的胜利即将来临。
of that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
其中的一个晴雨表是过去五个月里所取得的进步,然后是5天的胜利。
to that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
至此为止,是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,而后又等待了五天的胜利。
the that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,然后是5天成功的藤条等待。
and that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,然后在五日成功的藤蔓等待。
in that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,然后是5天的胜利。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举。
a the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚奥运金牌的壮举。
the the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举。
of the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
在肯尼所展示的状态中,想像他重复霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举并非不可能。
and the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,并非无法想像他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚奥运金牌的壮举。
in the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
在肯尼的演示中,想像他重复霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚奥运金牌的壮举并非不可能。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would have Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,他也是在3月23日出生的(英国运动会中那个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would take Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼(Kenny)比Hoy年轻12岁,Hoy也出生在3月23日(英国运动会中那个看起来很神圣的日子也是Steve Redgrave、Mo Farah和Roger Bannister的生日)。
That would be Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼(Kenny)比Hoy还小12岁,Hoy也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中,这个日子看上去是神圣的,也是Steve Redgrave、Mo Farah和Roger Bannister的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 13 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小13岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 11 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小11岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would be the same as Hoy's.
那和海的一样。
the would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
in would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
of would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
a would be the same as Hoy's.
A 和Hoy的一样。
to would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼接下来参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
and next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
然后在短跑比赛中进行,短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天。
the next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
下一轮的短跑比赛从今天开始,为期三天。
to next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
下一轮的短跑比赛,从今天开始,连续三天进行。
a next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
下一场短跑比赛从今天开始,为期三天。
of next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
下一轮的短跑比赛,从今天开始,连续三天进行。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
the 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
and 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
来自博尔顿的28岁女孩说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
of 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
博尔顿28岁的男孩说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
in 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
28岁的博尔顿人说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
a 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
博尔顿的一位28岁的青年说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
The team event is always the best.
团队活动总是最好的。
The team event is always the strongest.
团队活动总是最强的。
You get to win it with your mates.
你可以跟你的伴侣们赢。
You get to win it with your friends.
你可以和朋友一起赢。
You get to win it with your partners.
你可以和你的搭档一起赢得比赛。
You get to win it with you mates.
你可以和伴侣们一起赢。
It's a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,自己赢得胜利是有点孤单的.
It's a bit lonely winning on your own can be honest.
诚实地说,一个人赢得胜利是有点孤独的.
It's a bit lonely winning on your own do be honest.
诚实地说,单靠自己就有点孤单的获胜。
It's a bit lonely winning on your own I be honest.
老实说,单靠你自己就有点孤单的获胜了。
It's a bit lonely winning on your own would be honest.
诚实地说,单靠自己赢得胜利是有点孤单的。
It's a bit lonely winning on your own will be honest.
诚实地说,一个人赢得胜利是有点孤单的.
Hindes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
辛德斯说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士头衔. ”
ofndes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
桑德斯说:“如果他再赢得两枚金牌,他应该获得骑士头衔。”
tondes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
唐德斯说:“如果他再赢得两枚金牌,他应该获得骑士头衔。”
thendes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
接德说:“如果他再赢得两枚金牌,他应该获得骑士头衔。”
inndes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
辛德斯说:“如果他再赢得两枚金牌,他应该获得骑士头衔。”
andndes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
安德斯说:“如果他再赢得两枚金牌,他应该获得骑士头衔。”
It was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一次奖牌赛,但是对英国来说,还有更多的好消息。
It was the day's only medal event, but it was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一枚奖章,但对英国来说,这又是又一个好消息。
It was the day's only medal event, but Europe was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一枚奖章,但欧洲对英国来说又是又一个好消息。
It was the day's only medal event, but were was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一枚奖章,但是对英国来说,这又是又一个好消息。
It was the day's only medal event, but was was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一枚奖章,但是对英国来说,这又是又一个好消息。
It was the day's only medal event, but had was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一枚奖章,但是对英国来说,这又是又一个好消息。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir Aaron Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
Aaron Wiggins爵士、Ed Clancy、Steven Burke和Owin Doull在四人四公里长的追逐中竞技最快。
Sir Scott Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
Scott Wiggins爵士、Ed Clancy、Steven Burke和Owin Doull在四人四公里长的追逐中竞技最快。
Sir Matthew Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
马修·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir Lee Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
李·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir James Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
詹姆斯·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年伦敦金牌世界纪录, 创下3: 51.659.
and world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌的3: 51.659。
the world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌的3: 51.659。
of world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌的3: 51.659.
to world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌的3: 51.659.
a world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下世界纪录,2012年在伦敦赢得金牌是3:51。
The first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 发生在今天的第二日行动, 维金斯肯定会成为焦点.
The first rounds and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 发生在今天的第二日行动, 维金斯无疑是焦点.
the first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和决赛(10.42pm)在今天的第二日行动,维金斯无疑是焦点。
and first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和决赛(10.42pm)在今天的第二天行动,维金斯无疑是焦点。
to first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
首轮和决赛(10.42pm)在今天的第二天行动,维金斯无疑是焦点。
of first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和决赛(10.42pm)在今天的第二日行动,维金斯无疑是焦点。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when organizers summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前与警署发生了争执,组织者召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when judges summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生了争执,法官召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He ran a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He did a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He got a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的女子节上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Catherine Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动中,凯瑟琳·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和密伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等都以创世界纪录的时速进步了,时钟为13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Katie Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
凯蒂·特洛特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Cathy Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
在相应的女子节日中,凯丝·特洛特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等,在世界纪录的时间内取得了进步,时钟为13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Louise Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动中,露易丝·特洛特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等都以创世界纪录的时速提前了,时钟是13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Janet Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动中,珍妮特·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经靠强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
the GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国自行车协会依靠强大的赛道自行车队,在奥运会的中段阶段拥有自己的车牌,并颁发了一批奖牌。
and GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国自行车协会依靠强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有自己的车位,并颁发了众多奖牌。
of GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国自行车协会依靠其强大的赛道自行车队,在奥运会的中段时期拥有自己的车牌,并颁发了一批奖牌。
in GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
在英国,自行车队依靠强大的赛道赛车队在中期内拥有奥运会的赛车,并颁发了众多奖牌。
to GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国已经靠强大的赛道自行车队赢得了中世纪奥运会的冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 里约 会议 的 筹备 工作 的 期望 已经 下降 了 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been shown down in the lead-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 在 里约 的 筹备 阶段 中 已经 下调 了 人们 的 期望 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been turned down in the lead-up to Rio.
在北京和伦敦真正超乎寻常地展现了绝对的统治地位之后,在里约会议之前,人们的预期被否定了。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been thrown down in the lead-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 在 里约 的 筹备 阶段 中 放弃 了 人们 的 期望 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been worn down in the lead-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 里约 会议 的 期待 已经 破灭 了 。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been blown down in the lead-up to Rio.
在北京和伦敦表现出了真正超乎寻常的独占统治地位之后,在里约会议之前,人们的期待被吹落了。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为有性别歧视和欺凌的指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There has been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为有性别歧视和欺凌的指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There 2018 been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
2018年发生了一些戏剧性事件,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为发生了性别歧视和欺凌指控,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There 2015 been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
2015年发生了一些戏剧性事件,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为发生了性别歧视和欺凌指控,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There are been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
有一些戏剧在幕后发生,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为存在性别歧视和欺凌指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There 2014 been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
在2014年发生了一些戏剧性事件,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为发生了性别歧视和欺凌指控,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
However, on an evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从第一个晚上的赛跑迹象来看,英国广播公司现在以在完美的时候达到顶峰而闻名于世,这似乎可能还会重演。
However, on the evidence of the opening night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从开场晚赛的证据表明,现在英国广播公司以在完美的时候达到顶峰而闻名的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
and, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
而且,从首个晚上的赛跑证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛季达到顶峰的传奇名声可能还会重演。
in, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
从首个晚上的赛马场上的证据来看,英国广播公司现在以在完美的时候达到顶峰而闻名于世,而现在的名声可能又要重演了。
of, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
从首个晚上的赛马场上的证据来看,英国广播公司现在以在完美的时候达到顶峰而闻名于世,而现在的名声可能又要重演了。
After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
小宝宝来到这个世界后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible throughout his life, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
小宝宝来到这个世界之后,爸爸妈妈要对他整个一生负责,不仅是为了他的健康,也是为了他的精神发展,也就是教育。
After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his growth, not only for his health, but also for the development of his spirit, that is, education.
小宝宝来到这个世界后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
and such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
the such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
of such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
to such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
对于这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
a such education failed, then no matter how successful your career is, you cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
这样的教育失败了,那么无论你的事业有多成功,你都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
When a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in taking care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.
新生儿出生后,新爸爸和妈妈需要花时间照顾和教育他,并负责照顾他。
When a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in in care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.
新生儿出生后,新爸爸和妈妈需要花时间照顾和教育他,并负责照顾他。
of a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in taking care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.
新生婴儿出生后,新爸爸和妈妈需要花时间照顾和教育他,并负责照顾他。
in a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in taking care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.
在新出生的婴儿中,新爸爸和妈妈需要花费时间照顾和教育他,并负责照顾他。
to a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in taking care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.
新生婴儿出生后,新爸爸和妈妈需要花时间照顾和教育他,并负责照顾他。
the a new baby is born, the new dad and mom need to spend time in taking care of and educating him, and be responsible for him.
新宝宝出生了,新爸爸和妈妈需要花时间照顾和教育他,并负责照顾他。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
of responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康培养上,也就是让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
and responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,使他们健康,也体现在对精神的教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
the responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,使他们健康,还体现在对精神的教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
to responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康培养上,就是让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
And responsibility is not just reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to attend their children, to take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要照顾自己的孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care a them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care the them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care an them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Good family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, to take care to them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
良好的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
Parents'words and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ". Your son will be the same as you.
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
Parents'deeds and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ". Your son will be the same as you.
父母的行为和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
So we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
因此,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的角色,这间接地会帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他变得更优秀。
and we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
并且我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,调整我们的语言,培养我们的性格,这间接地会帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他变得更优秀。
the we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的性格,这间接地会帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他变得更优秀。
of we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
,我们需要在孩子面前树立一个好榜样,规范我们的语言,培养我们的性格,这间接地帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他变得更优秀。
to we need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character, so that he will become more excellent.
要在孩子面前树立好榜样,规范我们的话语,培养我们的性格,这能间接帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他变得更优秀。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is energetic and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
她精力充沛,能与朋友相处得很好,此外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is cheerful and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
她很快乐,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
and is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
并且外向外向,能够与朋友相处良好,此外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
the is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
外出方便,能与朋友相处良好。此外,她还能够很好地适应环境。
in is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapts to the environment quite well.
外出可以和朋友相处良好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
But Amy has a little secret in her heart : she cannot concentrate long on what she wants to do and works on.
但是艾美心里有一个小秘密:她不能把注意力集中在她想做的事和工作上。
But Amy has a little secret in her heart : she cannot concentrate long on whatever she wants to do and works on.
但是艾美心里有一个小秘密:她不能把注意力集中在她想做的事和工作上。
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散,模块化,她可以基本上完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
Even though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the job basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散化,模块化,她基本上能够完成这项工作,并取得良好的效果。
the though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散化,模块化,她基本上能够完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
of though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散化,模块化,她基本上能够完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
to though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散化,模块化,她基本上能够完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
and though she learns and works in decentralized, modular, she can complete the task basically, and achieve good results.
尽管她学习和工作分散化,模块化,她基本上能够完成任务,并取得良好的效果。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和折磨。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy is very painful and tortured.
然而,当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美非常痛苦和折磨。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露的抗拒及其情感体验是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
The individuals's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露的抗拒及其情感体验是为了防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
a individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
一个人对自我暴露的抗拒,以及他的情感体验,是为了防止个人的自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
the individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露的抗拒和自己的情感体验是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁的。
and individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露和情感体验的抗拒是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
to individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
对个体自我暴露的抗拒及其情感体验是防止个体自我意识和自尊受到威胁的。
And some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
and some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
the some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
to some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
对一些行为学家来说,心理学家认为阻抗是个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
of some behaviorist psychologists understand the impedance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为学家的心理学家将阻抗理解为个人对行为矫正的抗拒。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the way to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她通过呼吸来冷静下来,感觉到痛苦。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the time to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她通过呼吸来冷静下来,感觉到痛苦。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the air to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她在空气中呼吸以镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, let her breathe through the trying to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,让她喘口气,试着平静下来,感觉到痛苦。
The current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉肖在饮酒后发生了争执,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死肖。
the current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉小酒后发生了争执,然后韩用一把水果刀刺死了小肖。
and current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
和现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉小喝了酒后发生了争执,然后汉用一把水果刀刺死了小肖。
a current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉小酒后发生了争执,然后韩用一把水果刀刺死了小肖。
to current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
对现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉小酒后发生了争执,然后韩用一把水果刀刺死了小肖。
of current 63-year-old wanderer Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after alcohol drinking. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a fruit knife.
现年63岁的流浪汉汉和另一个流浪汉肖在饮酒后发生争执,然后韩用一把水果刀刺死肖。
Han said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
韩说,事发前,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷子上,两条小巷子相距只有20米。
the said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
据说事发前,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷子上,两条小巷子相距只有20米。
to said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
说起事前,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷子上,两条小巷子相距只有20米。
and said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
他说,事发前,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷子上,两条小巷子相距只有20米。
in said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
事发前,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷子上,两条小巷子相距只有20米。
of said that before the incident, he and the tramp Xiao lived in one lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
说起事前,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的一条小巷子上,两条小巷子相距只有20米。
Han said that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
韩说,在犯罪当天,两人被要求饮酒,在吃饭前后两人有争执。
Han stated that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
韩说,在犯罪当天,两人被要求饮酒,两人在吃饭前后有两次争执。
Han claimed that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
韩说,在案发当天,两人被要求饮酒,二人在吃饭前后有两次争执。
Han reported that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
Han报告说,在犯罪当天,两人被要求饮酒,两人在吃饭前后有两次争执。
Han added that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
韩又说,在今日的罪案发生时,两人被要求饮酒,二人在吃饭前后有两点争执。
Han alleged that on the current day of the crime, the two were asked to drink alcohol. And the two had two disputes during and after meal.
韩说,在案发当天,两人被要求饮酒,两人在吃饭前后有两次争执。
Han said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
韩说,他怕肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
the said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
据说他怕小小会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死了他。
to said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
说,他怕小小会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死了他。
in said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
说他怕小小会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死了他。
of said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
例如:他说他害怕小肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死了他。
and said that he was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
说,他怕小小会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死了他。
At the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式总共赔偿530,000元。
At the court, The victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式总共赔偿530,000元。
of the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式总共赔偿530,000元。
the the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式赔偿530,000元。
in the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式总共赔偿530,000元。
to the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the form of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿等形式总共赔偿530,000元。
4 years after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local traditional taxi industry.
乌伯加入台湾市场已有4年,但对台湾传统出租车行业的影响也不小。
4 days after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local traditional taxi industry.
乌伯入股台湾市场4天后,对台湾传统出租车业的影响也不小。
4 months after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local traditional taxi industry.
乌伯入股台湾市场4个月后,对台湾传统出租车业的影响也不小。
4 years after Uber joined the Taiwan market, it caused no small impact on the local Traditional taxi industry.
乌伯加入台湾市场已有4年,这对台湾传统出租车业的影响也不小。
According to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多个税务机关绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使周边地区交通严重瘫痪。
According per the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
根据台湾“联合日报”8月12日的报道,一百多家税务局绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使周边地区交通严重瘫痪。
According by the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,100多个税务机关绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使周边地区交通严重瘫痪。
in to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
报道台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,一百多家税务局绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使周边地区交通严重瘫痪。
of to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
报道台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,一百多家税务局绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使周边地区交通严重瘫痪。
the to the information of Taiwan " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies bypassed Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest. This resulted in serious traffic paralysis in the surrounding area.
据台湾“联合日报”8月12日报道,一百多家税务局绕过台湾行政院进行抗议,致使周边地区交通严重瘫痪。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但台湾当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
It is been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但台湾当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
It has been four months since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经四个月了,但当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
It has been four days since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经四天了,但当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
It has been four years since of arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但台湾当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机不能再等了。
the has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authority just launched the meeting at the end of this month. Drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, the chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但当局刚刚在本月底启动了会议。台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,司机已经等不及了。
However, the government eat their words and delayed again and again.
然而, 政府食用了他们的话,一再拖延.
However, the government eat their words and refused again and again.
然而,政府食用了他们的话,一再拒绝。
However, the government eat their words and stalled again and again.
然而,政府食用了他们的话,一次又一次地陷入停顿。
However, the government eat their words and postponed again and again.
然而, 政府食用了他们的话,一再拖延.
However, the government eat their words and repeated again and again.
然而, 政府食用了他们的话,一遍又一遍地重复着.
However, the government eat their words and denied again and again.
然而,政府食用了他们的话,一再否认。
The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.
守法的出租车司机身处社会底层,不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,感到被当局欺骗了。
the law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.
守法的出租车司机是处于社会底层的,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,感到被当局欺骗了。
and law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.
身处社会底层的守法的出租车司机不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,感到被当局欺骗了。
of law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.
守法的出租车司机是处于社会底层的,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,感到被当局欺骗了。
to law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.
对守法的出租车司机来说,他们是社会的底层,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,感到被当局欺骗了。
in law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt deceived by the authorities.
在守法的出租车司机中,身处社会底层,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,感到被当局欺骗了。
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原名:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original Title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原标题:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original original : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原作:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original Content : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原始内容:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
Original Story : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原故事:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置两千只被检查并扣押的鸡而受罚
Original story : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Disposed of The 2, 000 Chicken Without Permission Which Were Checked And Detained By The Court
原创故事:江苏农场主因未经法院许可弃置的两千只鸡被罚款
After the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,由于李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
of the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效,因为李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
in the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
在判决生效时,由于李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
to the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
在判决生效之前,由于李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
the the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效,因为李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
and the verdict comes into effect, because Lee did not automatically fulfill the obligation to determine the verdict, Wang apply for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
并且判决生效,因为李没有自动履行判决决定义务,王向书阳法院申请执行。
On October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定仅没收2 000只种鸡,未经批准不得转让和出售。
On October 17, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月17日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定仅没收2 000只种鸡,未经批准不得转让和出售。
in October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定所有2 000只种田鸡只能被查封,未经批准不得转让和出售。
of October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定所有2 000只种田鸡只能被查封,未经批准不得转让和出售。
and October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
和2014年10月16日,书阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定所有2 000只种田鸡只能被查封,未经批准不得转移和出售。
to October 16, 2014, Shuyang court made a civil ruling, and ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall only be seized and shall not be transferred and sold without permission.
至2014年10月16日,阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定所有2 000只种种田鸡只能被查封,未经批准不得转移和出售。
After Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
李在接到拘留裁决后,未经顺阳法院许可,私自卖鸡蛋部分。
the Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
李在未经顺阳法院同意的情况下,接受了拘留裁决,他私自卖了部分鸡蛋。
and Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
李在未经顺阳法院同意的情况下,接受了拘留裁决,他私自卖了部分鸡蛋。
in Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
在李的拘留裁决中,未经顺阳法院同意,他私自卖了部分鸡蛋。
to Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
李在未经顺阳法院同意的情况下,接受了拘留裁决,他私自卖了部分鸡蛋。
of Lee received the detention ruling, without the permission of the Shuyang court, he privately sold partial egg laying hens.
李在未经顺阳法院同意的情况下,私自卖了部分鸡蛋。
Until March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
截至2015年3月8日,树阳县公安局进行勘查前,农场内只有142层土地。
to March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
至二零零五年三月八日,树阳县公安局进行勘查时,农场内只有142层土地。
of March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
截至二零一五年三月八日,阳县公安局进行勘查时,农场内只有142层土地。
and March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
以及二零零五年三月八日阳县公安局进行勘查时,农场内只有142层土地。
in March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
在二零零五年三月八日阳县公安局进行调查时,农场内只有142层土地。
the March 8, 2015 when Shuyang County Public Security Bureau conducted a survey, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
截至二零一五年三月八日,阳县公安局进行勘查时,农场内只有142层土地。
On August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,以作商业用途。
On August 11, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月11日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,以作商业用途。
in August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和残奥会冬季组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,以作商业用途。
the August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
在8月12日的北京奥运会上,记者得知,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知说,北京冬季奥运会组织委员会为了商业目的继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志。
of August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和残奥会冬季组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,以作商业用途。
to August 12, reporters was informed that the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics and the Winter Paralympic Organizing Committee issued a notice that the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee inherited the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
至8月12日,记者获悉,2022年北京冬季奥运会和冬季残奥会组织委员会发出通知,表示北京冬季奥运会组织委员会继承了北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志,以作商业用途。
Without the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
of the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
to the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
the the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
and the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
in the permission of the Beijing Winter Olympic Organizing Committee, no one shall use the emblem and signs of Beijing Olympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
经北京冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将北京冬季奥运会的徽章和标志用于商务目的。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
The chief of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长说,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
the head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发改委工业协调部部长说,钢铁产能过剩已成为全球性问题。
of head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发改委工业协调部部长说,钢铁产能过剩已成为全球性问题。
in head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发改委工业协调部负责人表示,钢铁产能过剩已成为全球性问题。
to head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission said that iron and steel overcapacity is now a global problem.
国家发改委工业协调部部长说,钢铁产能过剩已成为全球性问题。
China's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲等国家和地区。
the's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
近年来产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲及其他国家和地区。
to's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲及其他国家和地区。
in's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
近年来产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲及其他国家和地区。
of's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
近年来,中国产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲及其他国家和地区。
and's capacity utilization in recent years is higher than the global average, but also higher than that of the United States and Europe and other countries and regions.
近年来,中国的生产能力利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国、欧洲等国家和地区。
The official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
the official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
to official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
指出中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
and official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
并指出中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
in official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
正式指出中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
of official pointed out that the CPC Central Committee and State Council should attach great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity.
官员指出,中共中央和国务院应高度重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
All departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真落实,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
All ministries and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门和地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年的粗钢生产能力要减少4500万吨。
All Department and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年的粗钢生产能力要减少4500万吨。
All department and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
and departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门和地区要积极落实国务院的部署工作,认真落实,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
the departments and regions should actively implement the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carry out the work, and reduce crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区要积极部署国务院,认真落实,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
From China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
从中国国情看,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
of China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
在中国国情中,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
the China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
根据中国国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,反之,中国采取了一系列切实措施对钢铁出口实行控制。
a China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
a 根据中国国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,相反,中国采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
in China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
在中国的国情下,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
to China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. On the contrary, it also takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
对于中国的国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,相反,中国采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责人强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易本质上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素之后作出的选择。
The man in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责官员强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易本质上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素后作出的选择。
The officer in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责官员强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素之后作出的选择。
The one in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
一位主管强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素之后作出的选择。
The people in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责人强调,钢铁制品的国际贸易本质上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素后作出的选择。
The department in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice from the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责部门强调,钢铁产品的国际贸易本质上是一种市场行为,是独立于进口国的要求和在考虑产品成本及其他因素后作出的选择。
The implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,相反,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
the implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,相反,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
to implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施对从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题无济于事,相反,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
of implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施无助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,相反,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
and implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
以及贸易保护措施的推行,对从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题无济于事。相反,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
in implementation of trade protection measures does not help to fundamentally solve the global steel industry development issues. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
在执行贸易保护措施方面,根本解决不了全球钢铁行业发展问题,相反,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
in it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在提到债务问题时,主管人强调,解决债务问题的办法是妥善处理需要妥善处理的重要问题。
the it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
说到债务问题,主管人强调,解决债务问题,就是要妥善处理需要妥善处理的重要问题。
of it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在涉及到债务问题时,主管人强调,解决债务问题的办法是妥善处理需要妥善处理的重要问题。
to it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
说到债务问题,主管人强调,解决债务问题的办法是妥善处理需要妥善处理的重要问题。
and it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
谈到债务问题,主管人强调,解决债务问题的办法是妥善处理需要妥善处理的重要问题。
As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模较大,涉及企业范围甚广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
As the steel and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模较大,涉及企业范围甚广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
As The iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业范围广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
the the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业广泛,债务关系复杂,处理不当可能导致区域风险。
and the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业广泛,债务关系复杂,处理不当可能导致区域风险。
of the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises, the debt relationship is complex. It may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业广泛,债务关系复杂,处理不当可能导致区域风险。
According to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的加大,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分产业容量利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
According by the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
of to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
近年来,随着经济下调压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
and to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
近年来,对主管人员经济下行压力加大,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分行业产能利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
the to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
近年来,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会总需求逐渐减弱,部分行业生产能力利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
to to the person in charge, in recent years, with the economic downward pressure to increase, the total social demand gradually weakened, part of the industry capacity utilization decreased and enterprise production and management difficulties increased.
对主管人员来说,近年来,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分行业产能利用率下降,企业生产经营困难增加。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些 企业 无法 适应 市场 环境 的 变化, 生产 和 管理 很难 维持 甚至 处于 崩溃 的 边缘, 但 受到 一些 体制 因素 的 制约, 它们 由于 市场 的 许多 障碍 而 成为 “ 僵尸 企业 ” 。
Some enterprises do not meet the changes to the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些 企业 无法 适应 市场 环境 的 变化, 生产 和 管理 很难 维持 甚至 处于 崩溃 的 边缘, 但 受到 一些 体制 因素 的 制约, 它们 由于 市场 的 许多 障碍 而 成为 “ 僵尸 企业 ” 。
Some enterprise do not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些企业没有适应市场环境的变化,生产经营难以维持甚至处于崩溃的边缘,但由于一些体制因素的限制,由于市场障碍重重,它们成了“僵尸企业”。
Some enterprises are not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些 企业 没有 适应 市场 环境 的 变化, 生产 和 管理 很难 维持 甚至 处于 崩溃 的 边缘, 但 受到 一些 体制 因素 的 制约, 它们 由于 市场 的 许多 障碍 而 成为 “ 僵尸 企业 ” 。
Some enterprises were not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些 企业 没有 适应 市场 环境 的 变化, 生产 和 管理 很难 维持 甚至 处于 崩溃 的 边缘, 但 受到 一些 体制 因素 的 制约, 它们 由于 市场 的 许多 障碍 而 成为 “ 僵尸 企业 ” 。
Some enterprises affiliates not meet the changes in the market environment and the production and management is difficult to sustain or even on the brink of collapse. But restrained by some institutional factors, they become " zombie enterprises " due to many obstacles to the market.
有些企业附属公司没有适应市场环境的变化,生产与管理难以维持甚至处于崩溃的边缘,但由于一些体制因素的限制,它们由于市场障碍重重而成为"僵尸企业"。
The existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些 公司 的 存在 扭曲 了 市场 信号, 降低 了 资源 使用 效率, 增加 了 社会 管理 的 费用, 从而 妨碍 了 公平 竞争 的 市场 环境 的 建立 。
The presence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源使用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了公平竞争的市场环境的建立。
The exist of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些 公司 的 存在 扭曲 了 市场 信号, 降低 了 要素 资源 使用 效率, 增加 了 社会 管理 的 费用, 从而 妨碍 了 公平 竞争 的 市场 环境 的 建立 。
The existence of such companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
此类公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源使用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了公平竞争的市场环境的建立。
the existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源使用效率,提高了社会管理的成本,从而阻碍了公平竞争的市场环境的建立。
to existence of these companies distorted market signal, reduced the elements resources use efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of market environment with fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源使用效率,提高了社会管理的成本,从而阻碍了公平竞争的市场环境的建立。
The main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和使用率低的两难困境。
the main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业疲软的市场需求和低利用率所面临的困境。
and main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
亏损的主要原因与全球钢铁行业疲软市场需求和低利用率所面临的困境是相同的。
to main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
对损失的主要原因与全球钢铁行业疲软市场需求和低利用率所面临的困境相同。
in main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业疲软的市场需求和低利用率所面临的困境。
of main reason for the loss is the same as the dilemma faced by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low utilization rate.
造成损失的主要原因与全球钢铁行业疲软市场需求和低利用率所面临的困境是相同的。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国主要实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要从事对劳动者和社会稳定进行披露,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China also adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国还实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要负责对劳动者和社会稳定进行披露,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China in adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要是向劳动者和社会稳定公开进出情况,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China usually adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国通常采用市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要从事对劳动者和社会稳定进行披露,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China is adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要负责对劳动者和社会稳定进行披露,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China the adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law. The government is mainly to do the work of disclosing the ins and outs to workers and social stability, to ensure fair and equitable market order.
中国实行市场机制、经济手段和法治,主要是向劳动者和社会稳定公开进出情况,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
The man in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保在5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
The officer in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责官员强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
The engineer in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责的工程师强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保在5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的问题。
The one in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责官员强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
The group in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity cutting and ensuring the objective of resolving 100 million tons-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责小组强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩,确保在5年内解决1亿吨1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力问题。
In the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住要回头看一看。
In the evening of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
本月十日晚上,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,立即引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住要回头看一看。
the the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住要回头看一看。
in the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,立即引起人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住要回头看一看。
of the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
to the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourist police in the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but to stop looking back.
到了本月第10天的下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红场的出现立即引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住要往回看。
On the same day, China's first professional travel police team-members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.
同日,海南省公安局三亚市旅游警察分遣队第一位专业旅游警察分遣队来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班警察联系。
On the also day, China's first professional travel police team-members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.
当天,海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队第一批专业旅游警察来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班警察联系。
On the August day, China's first professional travel police team-members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.
八月一日,海南省公安局三亚市旅游警察分遣队第一支专业旅游警察队伍来到莫斯科红火广场,与当地值班警察联系。
On the May day, China's first professional travel police team-members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.
五月一日,海南省公安局三亚市旅游警察分遣队第一支专业旅游警察队伍来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班警察联系。
On the day day, China's first professional travel police team-members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.
当天,海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队第一批专业旅游警察来到莫斯科红火广场,与当地值班警察联系。
On the October day, China's first professional travel police team-members of Tourism Police Detachment, Sanya City, Hainan Province Public Security Bureau came to the Red Square in Moscow, and communicated with the local police on duty.
10月1日,海南省公安局三亚市旅游警察分遣队专业旅游警察小组组长来到莫斯科红火广场,与当地值班警察联系。
Moscow travel police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow travel policemen are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow tour police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow trip police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow tourism police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow tourist police are divided into three groups for duty patrol in the Red Square, Nicolieski pedestrian street and Gu Mu Department Store. The Chinese tourist police also followed for study. The whole process lasted more than an hour.
莫斯科的旅游警察分为红场、尼科利斯基人行道和古木百货公司三组值班巡逻,中国的旅游警察也跟踪考察,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Female police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女警官刘希妮20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Female security officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
女保安刘希妮20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
of police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮今年20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
the police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮今年20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
and police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮今年20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
to police officer Liu Xinie is 20-plus years old, proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮今年20多岁,精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,不时与她交流。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and spoke with her from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,不时与她交谈。
He carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts was communicated with her from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行们不时与她交流的每一个言行。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with fluent Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用流利的西班牙语向他解释,这使王兵印象深刻。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with Mandarin Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用普通话向他解释了西班牙语,王兵对此印象深刻。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with basic Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用基本的西班牙语向他解释,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with level Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用水平的西班牙语向他解释,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with dialect Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用方言西班牙语向他解释,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
When he saw Spanish tourists come for consultation, the Moscow travel police explained to him with Spanish Spanish, which impressed Wang Bing.
当他看到西班牙游客前来谘询时,莫斯科旅游警察用西班牙语向他解释,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
" Every Moscow travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅行警察都精通外语,有些人甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了很深的印象。”
" Every Moscow traveling policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
每个莫斯科的旅行警察都掌握外语,有些人甚至能说两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。
" Every Moscow travelling policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅行警察都掌握外语,有些人甚至能说两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
" Every Moscow Travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科旅行社的警察都精通外语,有些人甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了很深的印象。”
" Every Moscow to policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的警察都能掌握外语,有些人甚至能说两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
" Every Russian travel policeman master foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个俄罗斯旅行警察都精通外语,有些人甚至能讲两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
On the current day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
On the present day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
On the past day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
On the recent day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
On the day day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
On the last day before the study, the Chinese tourist police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts.
在研究的前一天,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
" I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去俄罗斯旅游. ”
" I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happens to see them travel to Russia. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去俄罗斯旅游. ”
" I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel into Russia. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们来到俄罗斯. ”
" I frequently deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia. "
“ 我经常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去俄罗斯旅游. ”
" I sometimes deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia. "
“ 我有时会和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去俄罗斯旅游. ”
" I usually deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia. "
“ 我通常和中国游客打交道,我碰巧看到他们去俄罗斯旅游. ”
" Their usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常提出的问题是: 例如, 哪里是纪念碑, 哪里是出租汽车, 如何返回酒店.
" They usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
通常的问题是: 例如, 哪里是纪念碑, 哪里是出租汽车, 如何返回酒店.
" The usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
“ 通常的问题是: 例如, 哪里是纪念碑, 哪里是出租汽车, 如何返回酒店. ”
" A usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
通常的问题是: 例如, 哪里是纪念碑, 哪里是出租汽车, 如何返回酒店.
" People usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
人们通常会问: 例如, 哪里是纪念碑, 哪里是出租汽车, 如何返回酒店?
" people usual questions are : where is xxx, for example, where is a monument, how to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
人们通常会问:例如,哪里是纪念碑,如何出租出租车和如何返回酒店?
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科警方队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei ofkov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警方队长雷恩科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境已变得越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei thekov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科警方队长雷特科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境已变得越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
ofi Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警察队长说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
thei Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警察队长塞科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
andi Sakov, the brigade captain of Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警队队长安迪·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In the to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In a to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In of to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In and to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
In to to meet the needs of tourism development, it set up a tourist police team in July 2014, responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and diverting the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和转移游客。
At present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语.
in present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前,莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语。
of present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前,莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语。
to present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前,莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语。
the present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
现在,所有的莫斯科旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语。
and present, all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
现在,所有的莫斯科旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police brigades divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察分队根据外语水平分为9组,每周2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police battalion divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察营根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police unit divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警方根据他们的外语水平把他们分成9组,每周有2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police detachment divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警察分遣队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周2个班级,学习自卫行动、法律法规和外语。
The police division divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learn self-defense moves, laws and regulations and foreign languages.
警方根据他们的外语水平将他们分成9组,每周开设2个课程,学习自卫行动、法律法规以及外语。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来,积累了一定的经验,希望能激励三亚的同行。
Lysakov informed reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
莱萨科夫告诉记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来,积累了一定的经验,希望激励三亚的对应人员。
Lysakov assured reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫向记者保证说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来已经积累了一定的经验,并希望激励三亚的对应人员。
Lysakov said reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了一定的经验,希望能激励三亚的同行。
Lysakov stated reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
莱萨科夫说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了一定的经验,并希望激励三亚的对应人员。
Lysakov confirmed reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police since its inception, have accumulated a certain amount of experience and hoped to inspire counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫向记者证实,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来,积累了一定的经验,希望能激励三亚的对应人员。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄两国警方的合作将增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He thinks that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄警方的合作将增强两国公民对国家旅游的安全感。
He hopes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他希望,中俄两国警方的合作,能增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He supports that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他支持俄罗斯和中国警方的合作,将增强两国公民对国家旅游的安全感。
He is that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他表示,中俄两国警方的合作将增强两国公民对国家旅游的安全感。
and believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
相信中俄两国警方的合作将增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
Chinanews journalist found that there are at least nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等至少9个省市颁发了居留证实施细则。
Chinanews journalist found that there are at most nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,在河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等9个省份和城市中,最多有9个发放居留证的省、市。
Chinanews journalist found that there are at minimum nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等至少九个省市颁发了居留证。
Chinanews journalist found that there are at least seven provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等至少7个省市颁发了居留证实施细则。
Chinanews journalist found that there are Mo least nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,在河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等省、市中,至少有九个省、市颁发了居留证。
Chinanews journalist found that there are of least nine provinces and cities issuing rules for the implementation of residence permit, including Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, etc.
中国新闻记者发现,在河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等9个省份和城市中,至少有9个省份和城市颁发了居留证。
For the conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般说,申请人需要生活六个月以上,并符合这三项要求中的一项要求:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,不断学习。
For the requirements of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
对于申请居留证的要求,上述地区一般说,申请者需要生活六个月以上,并满足这三项要求中的一项要求:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,以及不断学习。
For the criteria of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的标准方面,上述地区一般说,申请者需要生活六个月以上,并符合这三项要求中的一项要求:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,以及不断学习。
For that conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般说,申请者需要生活六个月以上,并符合这三项要求中的一项要求:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,以及不断学习。
For to conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
关于申请居留证的条件,上述地区一般说,申请者需要生活六个月以上,并符合这三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,不断学习。
For a conditions of applying for residence permit, the above regions generally said that the applicants need to live more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and continuous study.
在申请居留证的条件方面,上述地区一般说,申请者需要生活六个月以上,并符合这三项要求中的一项要求:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,以及不断学习。
Chinanews journalist noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻记者指出,在居留证发放方面,不同城市的“黄金含量”存在差异,与国内规定相比,一些地区的公共服务和方便性都有所增加。
Chinanews reporter noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国记者注意到,在居留证发放方面,“黄金含量”在各城市有所不同,与国内规定相比,一些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
Chinanews commentator noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻评论员指出,在居留证发放方面,各城市的“金含量”不同,与国内规定相比,有些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
Chinanews columnist noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国的专栏作家指出,在居留证发放方面,“黄金含量”在各城市有所不同,与全国规定相比,一些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
Chinanews analyst noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国新闻分析师指出,在居留证发放方面,不同城市的“黄金含量”存在差异,与国内规定相比,有些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
Chinanews journalists noted that in the aspect of residence permit providing treatment, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences.
中国记者注意到,在居留证发放方面,“黄金含量”在各城市有所不同,与国内规定相比,一些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
These areas have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区提高了儿童在满足相关要求的同时参加本地高考的便利性。
These areas has increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些地区提高了儿童在满足相关要求的同时参加本地高考的便利性。
These area have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些区域提高了儿童在满足相关要求的同时参加本地高考的便利性。
These zones have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些区域提高了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性,同时满足了相关要求。
These towns have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些城镇提高了儿童参加本地高考的便利性,满足了相关要求。
These villages have increased the conveniences of children to attend college entrance examination in the local place while meeting the related requirement.
这些村庄增加了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利条件,同时满足了有关要求。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社会开放。
of addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
另外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社会开放。
in addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社会发放。
to addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
除此以外,北京等地还明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社会开放。
the addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
另外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社区发放。
and addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and convenience, and regularly release to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务范围、便利性,并定期向社会开放。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利性
of example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和方便性
and example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
举例来说,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务及便利措施
the example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和方便性
For addition, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
此外,福建建议至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和方便措施
For a, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and convenience of residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years
福建建议,至少每三年向公众公布居留证持有人的公共服务和方便性
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulations " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起15日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Rules " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行规定》规定,对于符合居留证条件的,公安机关应当自接受之日起15日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Regulation " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居留证条件的人,公安机关应当自接受之日起15日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Laws " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
《居住证暂行法》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自接受之日起15日内颁发居住证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Decree " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
《居留证暂行令》规定,对于符合居留证条件的人,公安机关应当自接受之日起15日内颁发居留证。
" Residence Permit Provisional Act " provides that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of acceptance.
《居住证暂行法》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自接受之日起15日内颁发居住证。
For the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在15天内发放许可证。
For this time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在这一期限内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在15天内发放许可证。
For a time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在一段时间内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在15天内发放许可证。
of the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在15天内发放许可证。
to the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在规定时限内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在15天内发放许可证。
the the time limit, most of the region hold the same opinion with the national version. That is, to release the permit within 15 days.
在限期内,大部分地区对国内版本持相同看法,即在15天内发放许可证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,对符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
thebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
虽经明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,居留派出所应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
ofbei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
虽经明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,居留派出所应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
andbei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
并明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
inbei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
虽经明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,居留派出所应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
tobei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
虽明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,居留派出所应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangxi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西省明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiang Qing clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江庆明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiang Xi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiang Qi clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
蒋介石明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiang Ming clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
蒋明明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
Jiang Beijing clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江京明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,应当自受理之日起五个工作日内领取居留证。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
of accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行规定》,上述城市明确规定,初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
in accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行规定》,上述城市明确规定,初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
to accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行规定》,上述城市明确规定,初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
the accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行规定》,上述城市明确规定,初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
and accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行规定》,上述城市明确规定,初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
例如,四川要求当地派出所或委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或乘坐费。
For is, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
因此,四川要求地方派出所或者委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额收费、超额收费或者乘坐费。
For in, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
四川要求地方派出所或者社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额收费、超额收费或者乘坐费。
For as, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
四川要求地方派出所或者社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或者乘坐费。
For was, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
因此,四川要求地方派出所或者委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或者乘坐费。
For that, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies shall strictly enforce the approved fees and charges standard and resolutely prohibit over-range, over-standard fees or ride fees.
为此,四川要求地方派出所或者社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额、超标准收费或者乘坐费。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, one year's probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞来到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
It was concluded that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, one year's probation period ).
总结认为,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞来到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
It was ruled that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, one year's probation period ).
规定2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监理室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
It was examined that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, one year's probation period ).
检查后发现,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞来到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监理室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
It was charged that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, one year's probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
It was recorded that on July 27, 2016, Chen Yangxia, the former Ganzhou City Dingnan County Party Secretary came to the Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection for reporting and serving as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general, one year's probation period ).
据记载,2016年7月27日,前甘州市定南县委书记陈扬霞来到省纪律检查委员会报到,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副主任,缓刑期一年)。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Liu.
晚宴上的红酒由李优才供应,其他费用由刘承担。
The red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai whilst other costs were borne by Liu.
晚宴上的红酒由李优才供应,其他费用由刘承担。
Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大核心规定和纪律。
andxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
杭州省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大核心规定和纪律。
thexi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大核心规定和纪律。
ofxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大核心规定和纪律。
toxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
东北省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大核心规定和纪律。
inxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection informed that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitation in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
省纪律检查委员会通报说,陈阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了党的八大核心规定和纪律。
Last season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
上赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄卡,他将自动被禁赛。
in season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
在赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄卡,他将被自动禁赛。
the season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
在赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄卡,他将自动被禁赛。
to season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
在赛季,波格巴被罚了两张黄卡,他将自动被禁赛。
of season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
在赛季,波格巴受到两张黄卡的惩罚,他将自动被禁赛。
and season, Pogba was punished with two yellow cards. He will be banned automatically according to the rules.
和赛季,波格巴受到了两张黄卡的处罚,他将自动根据规则被禁赛。
Although he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足总杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯.
of he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯(足总杯)仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯。
to he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯(足总杯)仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯。
in he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
在他已经转回英超后,足球协会挑战杯(足总杯)仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯。
and he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
他又转回英超,足球协会挑战杯(足总杯)仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯。
the he has transferred back to the Premiership, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to FA Cup.
他已经转回英超,足球协会挑战杯(足总杯)仍然通过他累积的暂停足总杯。
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联之后的第一次比赛将在8月20日扩大到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this consequence, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
因此,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将无助地观看一场比赛,他回到曼联后的第一场比赛将在8月20日扩大到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this fact, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将无助地观看一场比赛,他回到曼联后的第一场比赛将扩大到8月20日的南安普敦主场比赛。
In this order, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
按照这个顺序,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联后的第一场比赛将在8月20日扩大到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this so, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
因此,在8月14日的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场与伯恩茅斯的比赛,没有任何帮助,他回到曼联之后的第一次比赛将在8月20日扩大到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this change, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be extended to Southampton's home game on August 20.
换句话说,在8月14日的比赛中,波格巴在与伯恩茅斯的比赛中将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联之后的首场比赛将在8月20日扩大到南安普敦的主场比赛。
As the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
随着2014年第一轮赛的第12号新赛事的到来,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As a No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
作为2014年第一轮比赛的第12号新赛事,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As the no. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
由于2014年第一轮赛的第12号新赛事,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As the number. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
作为2014年第一轮的12名新球员,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
the the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
2014年首轮比赛的第12号新赛季,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
a the No. 12 new arrival of the first round in 2014, Salic will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
2014年首轮比赛的第12号新赛季,萨利奇将在下赛季正式登陆NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
of a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
in a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
在一位年轻的欧洲球员中,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
the a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
and a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
to a young European player, Salic is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
对一位年轻的欧洲球员来说,萨利奇并不为许多球迷所熟悉,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一刻成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a contest with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人击败西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一刻成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a tournament with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人胜过西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一刻成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a event with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
如果克罗地亚队胜过西班牙队,萨利奇在最后一刻成功地阻挡了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a international with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场以克罗地亚击败西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇成功击败了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
In a basketball with win by a narrow margin of Croatian over Spain, Salici successfully blocked Paul-Gasol in his last moment and tried to drag the game into the overtime basket attack.
在一场由克罗地亚人击败西班牙的比赛中,萨利奇在最后一刻成功地击败了保罗-加索尔,并试图将这场比赛拖入超时篮进攻。
Recently, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76队总司令布雷特布朗对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
the, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
76队总司令布雷特布朗对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
of, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
76队总司令布雷特布朗对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
and, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
布雷特布朗,76队的总司令对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
to, Brett-Brown, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
布雷特布朗,76队总司令对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
Recently, Brett-Wilson, the commander-in-chief of the 76-team gave Salic a high rating. He thought he saw the shadow of young Manu-Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76队总司令布雷特-威尔森对萨利奇的评价很高,他认为他在萨利奇看到了年轻的马努-吉诺比利的影子。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 76 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让76人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift with made 76 people full of expectations.
很明显萨里克已经向76个人展示了他的天赋,满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift who made 76 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,这使76人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and created 76 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,创造了76个人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and with 76 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,76人满怀期待。
It is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 77 people full of expectations.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让77人满怀期待。
In Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇共获得24分、17次反弹和12次助攻。
in Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇共获得24分、17次篮板和12次助攻。
of Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇获得24分,17次篮板和12次助攻。
to Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇获得24分,17次篮板和12次助攻。
the Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇获得24分,17次篮板和12次助攻。
and Croatia's first two games of the Olympic Games, Salic received a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚奥运会的前两场比赛中,萨利奇获得24分,17次篮板和12次助攻。
In the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在场景空间的绘制能力,他可以通过选手和同事一起在三点线外击球。
in the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以通过选手和同事一起在三点线外拍一张照片。
the the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以通过挑选和同事一起在三点线外拍一张照片。
to the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以通过挑选和同事一起在三点线外拍一张照片。
of the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
在上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在现场画空子的能力,他可以通过选手和同事一起在三点线外拍一张照片。
and the first half, Salic showed his capability of drawing space on the scene. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his colleagues.
和上半场,萨利奇展示了自己在场景空间的绘制能力,他可以通过挑选和同事一起在三点线外击球。
Although the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
虽然目前76队的年轻球员中有很多天赋,但他们并没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
the the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
现时76队的队员中挤满了很多有天赋的年轻球员,他们没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
in the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
在目前的76队中,许多年轻天才的球员都满满的,他们没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
of the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
在目前76支队伍中,有很多年轻天才球员,他们没有像萨利奇那样具备外在的得分能力。
to the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
对于目前76队的球员来说,许多年轻天才球员是挤满的,他们没有像萨利克一样的外在得分能力。
and the current 76-team is packed with many gifted young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Salic.
而目前76队的年轻球员中,有很多天赋的年轻球员,他们没有像萨利克一样的外接得分能力。
From block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
从挡板射击到发射长传,快速中断和完整的助攻,只有几个内线可以在NBA游戏中完成。
of block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
挡板射击到发射长传,快速中断和完整的助攻,只有几个内线谁可以做NBA游戏。
the block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
挡板射击要发射一个长传,快速突破和完整的助攻,只有几个内线谁可以做NBA游戏。
a block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
一个街区镜头发射一个长传,快速中断和完整的助攻,只有几个内线谁可以这样做NBA游戏。
to block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
来挡开镜头发射长传,快速中断和完整的助攻,只有几个内线人可以在NBA游戏中完成。
and block shot to launching a long pass, fast break and complete assists, there are just a few insiders who can do it on the NBA game.
和挡板射击发射一个长传,快速中断和完整的助攻,只有几个内线谁可以做NBA游戏。
Since the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
自本届奥运会开幕以来,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了13分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
to the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
在本届奥运会开幕之前,萨利奇在3场比赛中取得了13分8个后板和5个助攻,表现全面。
in the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
在本届奥运会开幕式上,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了13分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
the the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
在本届奥运会开幕之际,萨利奇在三场比赛中得了13分,8个后板和5个助攻,表现全面。
and the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
在本届奥运会开幕之际,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了13分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
of the beginning of this Olympic Games, Salic has obtained 13 points, eight backboards and five assists in three games, with a full performance.
在本届奥运会开幕之际,萨利奇在3场比赛中获得了13分、8次后板和5次助攻,表现全面。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
詹姆斯在2014年夏天决定回到骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
the has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自他于2014年夏天决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
of has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,该公司签署了两份1+1的合同。
to has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
in has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
and has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
自2014年夏天他决定返回骑士团后,他签署了两份1+1的合同。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
to, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
在即将进入最后一年的劳动协议中,詹姆斯作为NBA球员联盟副主席将站在劳动谈判的前列。
the, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
由于这项劳动协议即将进入最后一年,James将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳资谈判中处于前列。
and, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
由于这项劳动协议即将进入最后一年,James将作为NBA球员联盟的副主席站在劳动谈判的前列。
of, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
在即将进入最后一年的劳动协议中,James将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳动谈判中处于前列。
in, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of NBA player union.
在即将进入最后一年的劳动协议中,James将成为NBA球员联盟的副主席。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The significant increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的显著增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The large increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The massive increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The new increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的新增长归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
The rising increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will fall in the next summer.
工会收入的增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天下跌。
But for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3年的合同。
the for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了三年合同。
and for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了三年合同。
to for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
为了詹姆斯,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3年的合同。
of for James, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3年的合同。
But for Williams, he will not have to worry that he will become a free agent next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但对于威廉斯来说,他不必担心他明年夏天会成为一名自由职业者,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3年的合同。
No matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时开始,詹姆斯都在合同中。
No matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, John is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时开始,约翰都在合同中。
No matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James stays within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时开始,詹姆斯都遵守合同。
and matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
不管2017-18赛季何时开始,詹姆斯都在合同范围内。
of matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
2017-18赛季开始的时候,詹姆斯已经签约了。
to matter when the 2017-18 season kicks off, James is within the contract.
至于2017-18赛季何时开始,詹姆斯在合同中。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
Since a stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
由于iPhoneSE的首次亮相,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
Since of stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
由于iPhoneSE的首次亮相,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
Since in stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom.
由于iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also brought in a small screen machine boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也带来了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also led in a small screen machine boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也引领了小型屏幕机的繁荣。
Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
不久以前, Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品: nubiaZ11mini.
to long ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
早在很久以前,Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品:nubiaZ11mini。
of long ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
早在很久以前,Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品:nubiaZ11mini。
and long ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
很久以前,Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品:nubiaZ11mini。
the long ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
很久以前,Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品:nubiaZ11mini。
Not years ago, Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
努比亚在不久前还推出了Z11系列的首部作品:努比亚Z11mini。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循其一致的拍摄基因,并配备了易于锁定5.0英寸屏幕的单手电脑、便携和方便的后指印识别系统,从而丰富了其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed genes, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循其一致的相片基因,并配备了便于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手电脑、便携和方便的后指印识别系统,从而丰富了其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed mutation, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini跟踪其一致拍摄的突变,并配有便于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手手电脑、便携和方便的后指印识别装置,从而丰富了其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed function, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循其一致的摄影功能,配备了便于控制5.0英寸屏幕的单手手屏幕、便携和方便的后指印识别,有助于其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed strand, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini跟随其一致的摄影链,并配备一个易于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手手手,便于携带和方便的后指印识别,有助于其卓越的经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows its consistent photographed genome, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen, portable and convenient post-fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior experience.
NubiaZ11mini跟随其一致的拍摄基因组,并配备一个易于锁定5.0英寸屏幕的单手手电脑,便于携带和方便的后指印识别,有助于其卓越的经验。
A small screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.
刚由Nubia上市的一部Z11mini小型屏幕照相机的价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1499元人民币降到了1299元人民币。
A low screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini低屏幕摄像机电话的价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1499元人民币降到了1299元人民币。
A flash screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini闪屏摄像机电话的价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1499元人民币降到了1299元人民币。
A slim screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.
刚由Nubia上市的一部纤细的屏幕摄像机电话Z11mini的价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1499元人民币降到了1299元人民币。
A portable screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini便携式屏幕照相机的价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1499元人民币降到了1299元人民币。
A compact screen camera phone Z11mini, which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1499 to RMB 1299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini小型屏幕摄像机电话的价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1499元人民币降到了1299元人民币。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appearances, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In look, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
看一看,核Z11mini使用5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In looks, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appears, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
nubiaZ11mini在屏幕上使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
In appear, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is below on the front side.
在外观上,核Z11mini使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计就在前面。
The middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
the middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
in middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架为金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
and middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架是金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
to middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架为金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
of middle frame is metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with Type-C data interface.
中间框架为金属材料,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止一项供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The future at the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
维多利亚州波特兰铝冶炼厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The future operating the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
未来在维多利亚州运营的波特兰铝冶炼厂以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
to future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
对未来在维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂和数百工人的工作,供应工厂的电力公司披露工厂的业主之一将终止供应合同,预期所有供应合同都将被取消。
the future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供透露工厂业主之一的电厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止一项供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
and future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
和在维多利亚州的波特兰铝冶炼厂的未来,以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供透露工厂业主之一的电力公司存在疑问的是终止供应合同,预计将取消所有供应合同。
The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
the move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
of move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
之前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
in move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
继今年早些时候维多利亚州政府决定不再提供补贴以维持该工厂的运作之后,我们采取了进一步的行动。
and move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
并继维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再提供补贴以维持该工厂的运作之后,采取了上述措施。
a move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再提供补贴以维持该工厂的运作。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
为期20年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires on November.
为期20年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires per November.
每年 11月, 20年 的 固定 补贴 将 到期 。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires January November.
为期20年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires October November.
为期20年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires each November.
每年 11月, 20年 的 固定 补贴 将 到期 。
Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
of to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
至2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
to to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
the to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
and to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
至2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个岗位(直接的和间接的)在任何关闭时都可能面临风险。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could remain at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达2000个直接和间接的工作可能仍然处于危险之中。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-would be at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达2000个直接和间接的工作将面临风险。
to many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个职位,直接的和间接的,可能面临风险,任何关闭。
and many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
以及多达2000个岗位,不论是直接的还是间接的,都可能面临任何关闭的风险。
the many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个岗位,不论是直接的还是间接的,都可能面临关闭的危险。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
此外,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
and there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
而且,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
in there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
of there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
the there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
to there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
由于冶炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,因此可能产生额外的连锁效应。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
in 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
of 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
美国铝业公司关闭了Point Henry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
a 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
a 2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了Point Henry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
and 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
以及2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了Point Henry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
the 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正在亏损,并面临关闭风险。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and faces closure.
铝业的波特兰冶炼厂正在亏损,面临关闭.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is failing money and risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正面临资金短缺和关闭风险。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is selling money and risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂(Portland)正在出售货币,并关闭风险。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is under money and risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正面临资金和风险的关闭。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,而最近又因该厂的产量价格而出现。
The move follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是在澳大利亚元走强之后,而最近,则是由于该厂产出的价格。
The changes follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
这些变化是在对电厂未来多年的猜测之后发生的,最初是在澳大利亚元走强之后,而最近又由于电厂的产量价格而发生。
The moved follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,而最近又由于该厂产出的价格而改变。
The moving follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,而最近又由于该厂产出的价格而出现。
The decision follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
这一决定是在对电厂未来多年的猜测之后做出的,最初是在澳大利亚元走强之后,而最近又由于电厂的产量价格而做出的。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
inL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
在Latrobe河谷的Loy Yang A发电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
toL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
该公司向大型铝厂提供Loy Yang A 发电厂在拉特罗贝河谷的电力供应。
ofL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
位于拉特罗贝河谷的Loy Yang A发电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
andL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
”L表示,预计其他3家铝业公司也将采取行动,终止它们之间的协议。
theL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
该公司表示,预计其他3家铝业公司也会采取行动,终止它们之间的协议。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂大部分为铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业所有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份较小。
the plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂由美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有多数股权,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股价较小。
and plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
和工厂多数为铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)的合资企业所有,中信科技(CITIC)和日本的丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份较小。
to plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.

of plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
由美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资经营的一家工厂占多数,中信科技(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份较小。
in plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
在工厂中,大部分股份由铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)的合资企业拥有,中信科技(CITIC)和日本的Marubini Corp持有的股份较小。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求将持续下去。
" GEL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
“GEL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求将持续下去,”该公司表示。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for power from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand from electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着冶炼厂的电力实际需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand of electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
“AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着冶炼厂的电力实际需求将持续下去,”该公司表示。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand and electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着来自冶炼厂的物理需求和电力将继续运行。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年11月生效。
toL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
托尔说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年11月生效。
inL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
InL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年11月生效。
andL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
并且L说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,定于2016年11月生效。
ofL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
ofL表示,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,定于2016年11月生效。
aL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
aL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,定于2016年11月生效。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2017年完成。
The deals have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
这些交易有12个月的终止期,因此将在2017年完成。
The contract have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此他们将在2017年实际完成。
The teams have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
这些团队有一个12个月的终止期,因此他们将在2017年真正结束。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they was actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此在2017年实际结束。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they is actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此实际于2017年结束。
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in operating year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同能为运营第17年带来收益。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in revenue year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同能为收入年17作出贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings by fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年前对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to profits in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年带来利润。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to revenues in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同能促进17财年的收入。”
Any potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何潜在收益影响目前都是有限的。
Any possible earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何可能收益影响目前都是有限的。
and potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
以及从FY18开始对AGL的潜在收益影响目前受到电力批发价格强劲期货市场前景的制约。
the potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从财政年度(FY18)起对AGL的潜在收益影响目前有限。
to potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从第18财政年度起对AGL的潜在收益影响目前有限。
a potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的潜在收益影响目前有限。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL表示,已经将合同价值记录在其账户中1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
andL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
并且L说,它已经记下合同价值在它的帐户1.87亿美元为“预期终止事件”。
toL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
该公司表示,已经将合同价值在账户中记录了1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
ofL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
该公司表示,已经将合同在账户中的价值减少了1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止合同事件”。
theL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
法援局表示,它已将合约价值在帐面上记下1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 186 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL表示,已经将合同价值记录在帐面上1.86亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供电的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Cocoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
铝业表示,终止合同的决定“并不影响可可......经营冶炼厂或确保冶炼厂电力供应的能力”。
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Calcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响加州铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保冶炼厂电力供应的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Gascoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响Gascoa......经营冶炼厂或确保冶炼厂电力供应的能力”。
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect SCcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响SCcoa......经营冶炼厂或确保冶炼厂电力供应的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect BPcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响英国石油公司......经营冶炼厂或确保冶炼厂电力供应的能力。”
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The USA company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了合同。
The American company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-term contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang签订了一份为期20年的合同,定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-years contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang签定了为期20年的合同,定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-long contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚港兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的托马戈厂可能关闭。
Analysts had been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师们一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔港兰冶炼厂的经济状况不佳,可能关闭维多利亚港兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的托马戈炼油厂。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts later in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts early in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier during the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier within the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier throughout the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场, 电力市场的需求就会明显下降.
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand of the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场, 电力市场的需求就会明显下降.
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction of demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场,这在 [ 电力 ] 市场中将大大降低需求.
and both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
这两家工厂都退出了市场,这在 [ 电力 ] 市场中大大降低了需求。
a both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
这两种工厂都在[电力]市场脱产,市场需求明显下降。
of both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
这两家工厂都从[电力]市场转向了需求显著下降的市场。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
More of 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
More that 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000个最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生影响。
More half 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有超过160,000个最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生影响。
More over 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年,超过160,000个最脆弱的国家被排斥在社区法律中心之外,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生影响。
More estimated 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
据估计,每年有160 000多个最脆弱的国家被排斥在社区法律中心之外,该部门将做好准备,进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生影响。
In Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
In WA, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在西澳大利亚州,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时遭到拒绝。
In Australia, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在澳大利亚,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源打击不公平驱逐和类似驱逐的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时遭到拒绝。
in Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
of Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和律师代理的同时拒绝了他们。
to Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公正的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和律师代理的同时拒绝了他们。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的共同体法律服务正准备进一步削减。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, were bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的共同体法律服务正准备进一步削减。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limitations, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限制范围的社区法律服务正准备进一步削减。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond bounds, are bracing for further cuts.
社区法律服务已经超越了界限,正准备进一步削减。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond boundaries, are bracing for further cuts.
已经 跨越 国界 的 社区 法律 服务 正 准备 进一步 削减 。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limit, are bracing for further cuts.
社区法律服务已经超越了限度,正准备进一步削减。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
in June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
到明年六月,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
of June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
the June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
到明年6月,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
a June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
a 明年6月,这些法律中心预计将再损失联邦资金的30%。
and June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
以及明年6月,这些法律中心预计将再损失联邦资金的30%。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
to of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
the of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州詹姆斯法雷尔社区法律中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心
of of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州詹姆斯法雷尔社区法律中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心
and of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州詹姆斯法雷尔社区法律中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心中心
in of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
the Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
a Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
a 法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
to Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
and Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
of Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" WA's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“西澳大利亚州的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are driven away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着数千人被驱离他们所需要的重要服务,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people operate turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着数千人从他们需要的至关重要的服务中脱身。”他说。
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
脱离暴力关系的人、负债累累的人、离异的家庭、被不公平解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
People ending violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
结束暴力关系的人、无法管理、债务累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
People in violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
处于暴力关系中的人、负债累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到所需的帮助。
People left violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
人们留下暴力关系,债务无法管理,债务沉重不堪,家庭离散,工人被不公平地解雇,所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
People from violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
处于暴力关系中的人、负债累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到所需的帮助。
People leave violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
人们留下暴力关系、债务无法管理、债务沉重、家庭离散、被不公平解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而本报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰地区数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
The Federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰的更多弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
the federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰的数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
of federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
从2017年6月起,联邦政府将削减30%的资金,这意味着昆士兰州上千个更脆弱的人将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
to federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
从2017年6月起,联邦政府将削减30%的资金,这意味着昆士兰州上千个更脆弱的人将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
in federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
从2017年6月起,联邦政府将把资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰州上千名弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们吁请总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即逆转这些资金削减,这样人们在面临法律问题时就能够得到所需的帮助。
We call to the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们呼吁总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即扭转这些资金削减的局面,这样人们在面临法律问题时就能够得到必要的帮助。
We call for the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们呼吁总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即扭转这些资金削减的局面,这样人们在面临法律问题时就能够得到必要的帮助。
We call with the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们呼吁总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即扭转这些资金削减的局面,这样人们在面临法律问题时就能够得到必要的帮助。
We are on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们隶属于总检察长,昆士兰参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即逆转这些资金削减,这样人们在面临法律问题时可以获得所需的帮助。
We appeal on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们呼吁总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即扭转这些资金削减的局面,这样人们在面临法律问题时就能够得到必要的帮助。
Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
去年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
of year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
in year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
the year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
and year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
a year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
一年来,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其客户社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
the's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其服务对象社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
of's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其服务对象社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
a's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
a 现在应该研究社区法律中心及其服务对象社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
to's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
来研究社区法律中心及其服务对象社区的需要,让Palaszczuk政府对这一重要工作进行投资。
in's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在,应该研究社区法律中心及其服务对象社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府对这一重要工作进行投资。
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动是在工作人员拉枪后被起诉的
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer alleged pulled a gun
唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动被起诉,因为当时的幕僚声称他拉了一支枪
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Trump Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:特朗普的竞选被指控无所事事,因为他被告知北卡罗来纳州行动负责人在2月驾驶吉普车时用枪对着一名职员。
the York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普的竞选被指控为无所事事,因为他被告知北卡罗来纳州行动负责人在二月驾驶吉普车时用枪指向了一名职员。
of York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
据悉,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动被指控无所事事,当时他被告知,北卡罗来纳州行动负责人在二月驾驶吉普车时用枪对准了一名职员。
and York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
和约克:唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动被指控无所事事,因为他被告知北卡罗来纳州行动的负责人在二月驾驶吉普车时用枪对着一名职员。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周三,该事件在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼中被描述,该州竞选活动前软件培训师VincentBordini提起了诉讼。
the incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
to incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
本周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
in incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
本周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
and incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
of incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realiseising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了几个月才内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realizingising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before understandingising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他要等几个月才能在内部处理,才明白“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before decidingising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了好几个月才决定从内部处理此事,“这不会发生。”
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before knowingising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了好几个月才知道这一局面会在国内解决,然后才知道“这不会发生”。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,把他右手的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
the director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,把他右手的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
and director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
of director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞塞进文森特的膝盖盖里。
in director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞塞进文森特的膝盖盖里。
a director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞塞进文森特的膝盖盖里。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后得知,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After responding to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼对当地和地区的竞选领导人做出回应后,得知至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After asking to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼在向当地和地区竞选领导人询问后得知,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After filing to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼在向当地和地区竞选领导人递交了申请后,得知至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After investigating to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
在对当地和地区竞选领导人进行调查后,博迪尼了解到至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
in complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
鲍尔迪尼向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨时,得知至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说道.
" They don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 他们不必开火来造成损害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" It don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 它不必开火来造成损害, ” 博迪尼在抱怨中说.
" Gun don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, " 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" Weapons don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 武器不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,就可以采取行动。
The suit is just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统候选人在北卡罗来纳州的公众面前大发雷霆,称“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——只要他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选并获得评委人选,就可以采取行动。
The suit came just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
就在两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的群众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选并获得评委人选,他们可以采取行动。
The suit occurs just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统候选人在北卡罗来纳州的公众面前大发雷霆,称“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——只要他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选并获得评委人选,就可以采取行动。
The suit happens just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统候选人在北卡罗来纳州的公众面前大发雷霆,说“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪狂热者——只要他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选并获得评委人选,就可以采取行动。
The suit appears just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他的对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,则可以采取行动。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 Phillip 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Philip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 过失 监督 运动 的 赔偿, 要求 Philip 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from him for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 他 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from police for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 警察 对 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 感情 痛苦 作出 赔偿 。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from the for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 从 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 感情 痛苦 的 行动 中 得到 赔偿 。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediate return a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't initially return a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks最初没有回复寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately returned a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately answer a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复要求置评的消息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately send a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即发出寻求评论的信息。
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.
到达菲利普的企图没有成功.
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessfully.
接近菲利普的企图没有成功.
Attempts to reach Phillip were failed.
到达菲利普的企图失败了.
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特的当地新闻机构WCCB报道,菲利普最近退出了这场竞选活动。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in NC, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
NC的本地新闻子公司WCCB报道说,菲利普最近退出了这场运动。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, speculated Phillip recently left the campaign.
Charlotte的当地新闻机构WCCB推测,菲利普最近退出了竞选。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, announced Phillip recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特(Charlotte)的本地新闻联播WCCB公司(WCCB)宣布,菲利普(Philip)最近退出了竞选。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, said Phillip recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特的当地新闻机构WCCB说,菲利普最近退出了竞选。
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, filed Phillip recently left the campaign.
在Charlotte的本地新闻联播WCCB, 菲利浦最近退出了竞选.
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司“创新咨询服务公司”的电话没有立即回复。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Service, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司创新咨询服务公司留下的电话没有立即回复。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Solutions, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司创新咨询解决方案(Innoved Consulting Solutions)的电话没有立即回复。
A call leaving at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司“创新咨询服务公司”的电话没有立即回复。
A call found at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
在他的咨询公司,创新咨询服务公司发现,没有立即回复。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has led a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)领导了一个有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has ran a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has running a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case was Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case has Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案涉及Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case cited Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案援引Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case case Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The appeal is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
上诉是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and extend Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and increase Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,增加热情
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and develop Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,发展希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and widen Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and build Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,建设希思罗
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heath Park will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思公园不仅将在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且将在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heath Green will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思·格林还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来再生和繁荣。
Heath Walk will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思漫步不仅将带来我们的当地社区和整个伦敦的复兴和繁荣,而且将带来全国各地的复兴和繁荣。
Heath Space will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地,希思太空也将带来再生和繁荣。
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but throughout the country.
希思罗还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对我来说,这正是希思罗的巨大吸引力所在,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
For myself, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
就我本人而言,这是希思罗的巨大吸引力,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们为确保我们所有国家和地区从奥运会中获益做出了巨大努力。
For I, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对于我来说,这是希思罗的巨大吸引力,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
For us, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对我们来说,这正是希思罗的巨大吸引力所在,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,以确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
For my, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
在我看来,这是希思罗的巨大吸引力,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,以确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
For him, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对他来说,这是希思罗的巨大吸引力,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for London and the East End.
奥运会给伦敦和东区带来了巨大的利益。
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
and, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
of, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
the, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
我们会再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
to, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
为此,我们将再次为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和企业创造机会。
For our local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our Local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our regional communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的区域社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的就业机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our surrounding communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们周边的社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业。
For our new communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们新的社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our rural communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅对于我们的农村社区,我们就能创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,还有人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
of as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
在2012年伦敦奥运会之前,会有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
to as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
在2012年伦敦奥运会之前,会有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
and as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
在2012年伦敦奥运会之前,会有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
the as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,将有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Cityrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前的情况一样,也有一些人认为城市扩张的挑战太大了。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proven wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be prove wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会证明他们在希思罗是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong at Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
the doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年错了,他们在希思罗上将被证明是错的。
and doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们在希斯罗将被证明是错的。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is solving every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗正在解决每一个问题。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is responding every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is addressing every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗正在解决每一个问题。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is fulfilling every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗正在完成对它提出的每一个问题。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answered every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答的每一个问题。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗(Heathrow)是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
of the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
在奥林匹克运动会中,希思罗是众多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
and the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
the the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
在奥运会上,希思罗不仅仅是对少数人来说,也是对许多人来说的基础设施项目。
Like a Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗(Heathrow)是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
Like the Paralympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和残奥会一样,希思罗是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is a opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is be opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的良机,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is the opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is is opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is s opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We are a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
我们是希思罗(Heathrow)的一支伟大的球队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到位于全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间的T2。
We get a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们得到了一支伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到位于全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间的T2。
We we a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
我们是希思罗的一支伟大的球队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented a £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented this £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了这个110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
and they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下修建第三跑道。
the they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支撑下修建第三跑道。
in they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
of they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
其中,他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
to they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
他们准备在私人投资160亿英镑的支持下,修建第三跑道。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
the London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
伦敦2012年奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
and London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
以及2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
of London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
对英国来说,2012年伦敦奥运会非常成功,我相信希思罗赛场的扩建也将是成功的。
to London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
对于英国来说,2012年的伦敦奥运会非常成功,我相信希思罗赛场的扩建也将是成功的。
in London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
在2012年伦敦奥运会上,英国取得了巨大成功,我相信希思罗赛场的扩建也将是成功的。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
我们现在应该发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易前景,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统。
It are time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
我们现在应该发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易前景,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统。
It was time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时候了。
the is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗的时刻,确保我们的贸易前景,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时刻。
in is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在,我们应该发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易前景,创造出英国可以引以为荣的技能与就业机会。
and is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
这也是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时候了。
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Corporation and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗公司董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Company and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗公司董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Committee and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗委员会主席,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Trust and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗信托公司董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in alleged suicide
妇女据称在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in suspected suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparently suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上奔跑,显然是在自杀
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in allegedly suicide
据称,妇女在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying on the motorway in a middle of the night.
受害者半夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying on the motorway in the mid of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying on the motorway in the late of the night.
受害者深夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying on the motorway in the end of the night.
受害者深夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying on the motorway in the traffic of the night.
受害者躺在夜间交通中的高速公路上。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方正在呼吁证人。
and are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
,当一名妇女于星期四凌晨在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞车,明显自杀后,他呼吁证人。
the are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
在星期四凌晨,一个女人在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是在自杀,所以他呼吁证人。
to are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
本周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,因此他呼吁证人作证。
in are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
本周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀。
of are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
在星期四凌晨,一个女人在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,所以他呼吁证人。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜过后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号上发生了这起事故。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the Canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
事件发生在周四午夜后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号。
The accident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
事故发生在周四午夜后沃州莫日附近的A1号。
The collision happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜过后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号发生碰撞。
the incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
事故发生在周四午夜后沃州莫日附近的A1号。
of incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号发生事故。
A woman lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A girl lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一个女孩在黑暗中“绝望地”躺在路上,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman laid down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”在黑暗中躺在路上,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman sprawled down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”在黑暗中“在路上”狂奔,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman fell down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”在黑暗中在路上摔倒,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman collapsed down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”在黑暗中在路上倒下,被几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was struck by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
in looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害人,一名49岁的瑞士妇女,在试图自杀时被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
and looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
to looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害人,一名49岁的瑞士妇女,为了自杀,被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
the looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,在寻找自杀时被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,一些司机已经接受了采访,但一些司机的身份仍然不明,警察呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
to of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,已经对其中的司机进行了采访,但有些司机仍不明身份,警察呼吁司机和目击事件的其他人站出来。
in of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,在涉及的司机中,已经接受过采访,但有些司机仍不明身份,警方呼吁司机和目击该事件的任何其他人站出来。
the of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,已经对肇事司机进行了采访,但有些司机仍不明身份,警方呼吁司机和目击该事件的任何其他人站出来。
of of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,已对其中的司机进行了采访,但有些司机的身份仍不明,警方称,他们正呼吁司机和任何目击该事件的人站出来。
and of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,已经对其中的司机进行了采访,但有些司机仍不明身份,警察呼吁司机和任何目击事件的司机站出来。
A criminal investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
GillesHofstetter的律师对LeTribunedeGeneve说,已经展开刑事调查,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A detective investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
律师GillesHofstetter对《TribunedeGeneve》说,调查已经展开,在这样的情况下,这是“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A police investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
律师GillesHofstetter对《TribunedeGeneve》说,警方已经展开调查,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑”的一步。
A investigation investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
吉勒·霍夫斯特特律师对《Tribune de Geneve》说,调查调查已经开始,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A trial investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
吉勒·霍夫斯特特律师对《Tribune de Geneve》说,调查已经开始了,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A court investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
律师GillesHofstetter对《TribunedeGeneve》说,法庭调查已经启动,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
然而,尚有待观察的是,所涉司机中是否有人将面临指控。
However it is to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
然而,要看一看,所涉及的司机中是否有人会面临指控。
the it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
有关司机是否有人会受到指控,尚有待观察。
and it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
尚需看一看,所涉及的司机中是否有人会受到指控。
of it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
其中尚有待观察的,是涉及的司机是否有人会受到指控。
to it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
)至於涉及的司机,是否有人会受到指控,尚有待观察。
Was it possible to avoid impact ?
能否避免冲击?
Was it possible to avoid impacts ?
能否避免影响?
That's what the prosecutor must determine, " said Hofstetter.
这就是检察官必须决定的,”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor must determine, " replied Hofstetter.
检察官必须确定这一点, ” 霍夫斯特特回答说.
That's what the prosecutor must determine, " added Hofstetter.
检察官必须确定这一点, ” 霍夫斯特特补充道.
That's what the prosecutor must determine, " testified Hofstetter.
检察官必须确定这一点,”霍夫斯特特作证说。
That's what the prosecutor must decide, " said Hofstetter.
检察官必须做出这样的决定,”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor must find, " said Hofstetter.
这是检察官必须找到的,”霍夫斯特特说。
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去五年里,另外两个类似的事例表明,司机不会承担责任。
and other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年的其他类似情况表明,司机不会承担责任。
the other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年的其他类似情况表明,司机不会承担责任。
of other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年中其他类似的例子表明,司机不会被追究责任。
to other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年的其他类似情况表明,司机不会被追究责任。
in other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去五年的其他类似情况下,司机将不承担责任。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两种情况下,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In each cases-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两种情况下,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In neither case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报道说,无论哪种情况,无论是在黑暗中在高速公路上行走的人,人们都认为,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In both case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报道说,在这两起事故中,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In these case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两起事故中,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In one case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报道说,在其中一起事故中,有个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年8月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Paynerne附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last it a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
最后,一名警官在2014年8月Baynerne附近A1号公路上撞死一名男子后,因过失致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last 1 a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
最后一次,一名警官因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放,因为她于2014年8月在佩纳纳附近一天晚上殴打并杀害了一名男子。
Last the a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
最后一次,一名警官因疏忽致死被宣布无罪,因为她于2014年8月一天晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在佩纳纳附近A1号船上的男子。
Last The a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
2014年8月,一名警察在Baynerne附近的A1号船上,击中并杀害了一名男子,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last B a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
2014年8月,一名警官在Baynerne附近的A1号公路上袭击并杀害了一名男子,因疏忽致人死亡,最后一次B被宣布无罪。
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, a court heard.
据法庭审理,这位22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
and 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,在路上昏厥。
a 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,一名22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
to 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
The Court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
The judge found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官发现,这位正在响应紧急呼叫的女警官开车的方式是正当的,而路上有男子在场,是一种“完全例外和不可预测的状况”,法官说。
the court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
and court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,这名正在响应紧急呼叫的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
a court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,对紧急呼叫做出反应的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 44。
in with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
与周四在莫日附近发生的事件有关,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 。
to with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
与周四在莫日附近发生的事件有关,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 。
of with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
与周四在莫日附近发生的事件有关的信息,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 。
and with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
以及周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44。
the with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
与周四在莫热斯附近发生的事件有关的信息,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 。
NASA climate model : Venus was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾适宜居住
NASA climate model : Venus was once habitatable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾是栖息地
NASA climate model : Venus was once oxygenable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾经是可氧的
NASA climate model : Venus was once aridable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾是干燥的
NASA climate model : Venus was once sustainable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾经是可持续的
NASA climate model : Venus was once greenhouseable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾是温室型
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections for a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections using a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局(NASA)使用新气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the estimates of a new NASA climate model.
根据NASA新的气候模型的估计, 金星可能曾经适宜居住.
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the predictions of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the scenarios of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局(NASA)新的气候模型的假设,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳充斥的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
in model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
在模型中,金星是用来决定它具有热、无水的表面和二氧化碳充斥的大气层的,是否曾经存在过类似于地球的条件。
the model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
to model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
设计模型是为了确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
of model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
模型的设计是为了确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
and model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
设计模型是为了确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾建议,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation velocity is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾提出,金星的慢转速是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate was explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾提出,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate has explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾提出,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层解释的.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate orbits explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾建议,金星的慢转速率轨道是由它的厚厚的大气层解释的.
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the newest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但最新的模拟结果表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the current simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但目前的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the recent simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the present simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但目前的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个薄薄的、像地球一样的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the new simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但新的仿真表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
The model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
The model also looked at the topography of late Venus.
该模型还考察了已故金星的地形。
The model also looked at the topography of Early Venus.
该模型还考察了早期金星的地形。
The model also looked at the topography of earliest Venus.
模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
The model also looked at the topography tail early Venus.
模型还观察了地形尾巴的早期金星.
The model also looked at the topography a early Venus.
模型还考察了早期的金星地形.
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely showed more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely shown more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球显示的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely had more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球可能有比地球更多的干燥区域,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely faced more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球可能面临比地球更多的干燥区域,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely favored more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球可能比地球更偏爱干燥地区,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命和防范快速蒸发。
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于30%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 25 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于25%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 40 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于40%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 20 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于20%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 35 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于35%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 15 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于一个15%的淡化的太阳.
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这使表面变暖,产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量影响。
This cools the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这冷却表面并产生雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,保护表面免受太阳的热量影响。
This heats the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这会使表面加热并产生降雨,从而形成一层厚厚的云层,就像一把雨伞一样,可以保护表面不受太阳的热量影响。
and warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
使表面变暖,产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量。
the warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
表面变暖,产生雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,可以遮盖表面,使表面免受太阳的热量影响。
of warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
使表面变暖并产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees warmer than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度比今天的地球温度高几度。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees colder than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
the result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
of result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果就是平均的气候温度,实际上比今天的地球冷却几度。
and result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果就是平均的气候温度,实际上比今天的地球低几度。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个金星的故事,与以前行星科学家假设的演化相似。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution already hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个与行星科学家已经假设的进化相似的金星故事.
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution earlier hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个与行星科学家早先假设的进化相似的金星故事.
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution before hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个与行星科学家假设之前的演化相似的金星故事.
the model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个金星的故事,类似于以前行星科学家假设的进化过程。
of model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
模型产生了一个金星的故事,类似于以前行星科学家假设的进化过程。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星虽然可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年的时间里,它暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- subjected to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
虽然金星可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年中,金星受到了太多的热量和紫外线照射。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposure to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
虽然金星可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年中,金星暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
in likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星很可能曾经适宜居住,在数十亿年的历程中,它暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
the likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星可能曾经适宜居住,在数十亿年中,金星暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
and likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星可能曾经适宜居住,在数十亿年中,金星暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它的海洋蒸发了,它的水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
Its I evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它的我蒸发了,它的水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
Its s evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它蒸发了,水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
Its and evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它和蒸发了,它的水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
Its as evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它被蒸发了,水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
Its was evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它被蒸发了,水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气消失时,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今日所认识的金星。
As its hydrogen escaping, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气被释放时,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳大气,带有致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今日所认识的金星。
As its hydrogen died, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气消逝时,剩下的只是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
As its hydrogen trapped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气被困住时,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳大气,带有致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今日所认识的金星。
As its hydrogen expelled, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气被排出时,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳大气,带有致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今日所认识的金星。
As its hydrogen retreated, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气退去时,剩下的只是一层二氧化碳的浓密空气,带有一种致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》中分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in The journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
罗伊(Patrick Roy)于本周四辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球队(Coorado Avalanche)的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Grant resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
格兰特(Patrick Grant)于本周四辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球运动的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
the Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
罗伊于本周四辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
to Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
周四,罗伊辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
and Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
周四,罗伊辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
of Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
周四,罗伊辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the franchise will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并指出,该特许经营公司将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the team will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并指出球队将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado American vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州美国副总统/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
the executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并指出俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
of executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
" For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" For a past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年来,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切冰球队的主教练和曲棍球队副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" For my past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" For this past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" During the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切冰球队的主教练和曲棍球队副总裁。”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" Since the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年来,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切冰球队的主教练和曲棍球队副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都想了好长一段时间,想如何改进这支球队,使它具备所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
I had thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都想了好长一段时间,想如何改进这支球队,使它具备所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
I have considered long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都在想如何改进这支球队,使它具有所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
to achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一点,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
the achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
要实现这一点,教练的愿景和VP-hokey业务需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
a achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
要实现这一点,教练的愿景和VP-hokey业务需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
of achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
要实现这一点,教练的愿景和VP-hokey业务需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
and achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
要实现这一点,教练的愿景和VP-hokey业务需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
He must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
在影响团队业绩的决策中,他也必须有发言权。
He must also have a say in the decisions that affect the team's performance.
在影响团队表现的决策中,他也必须有发言权.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
萨基奇2013年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy to his contributions to the team.
萨基奇2013年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for the contributions to the team.
萨基奇2013年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contribution to the team.
萨基奇2013年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
" Patrick informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" He informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 他今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" In informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" I informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 今天我把他的决定通知了我, ” 萨基奇说.
" The informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 今天通知我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" You informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 你今天把他的决定通知了我, ” 萨基奇说.
We appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 工作, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We appreciate what he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We respect all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 尊重 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We understand all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们了解他为我们组织所做的一切,并祝愿他今后一切顺利。
We thank all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们感谢他为我们组织所做的一切,并祝愿他今后一切顺利。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
Roy is named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
the was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,杰克·亚当斯获得联赛最佳主教练的称号。
and was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,他被提名为联赛最佳教练。
to was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,杰克亚当斯获奖,成为联赛最佳教练。
in was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-14年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,杰克亚当斯获得联赛最佳主教练的称号。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分和1分,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided that club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分,并获得第一名,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided this club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领本俱乐部在中区队获得112分和1分的成绩,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided his club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领他的球队在中区队获得112分和1分的成绩,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided The club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分,并获得第一名,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided of club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分,并获得第一名,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配牌上,比野生号低了5分。
the Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
Avalanche在2015-16年度发布了39-39-4分的成绩,在西部奥运会第二张通配卡赛场上,阿瓦兰切队比野生队少了5分。
to Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
阿瓦兰奇在2015年16月发布了39比39比39比4的成绩,在西部奥运会第二张通配卡上还差5分。
and Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
Avalanche在2015-16赛季的比赛中以39比39比39比4的成绩出场,在西部赛场的第二张公卡中,阿瓦兰奇的成绩比野生赛还差五分。
in Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
在阿瓦兰切,2015-16赛季的成绩是39比39比39比4,在西部赛场的第二张大牌上,比野生队落后五分。
of Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
在2015年16月,阿瓦兰切发布了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配卡决赛中,比野生队低了5分。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了四个斯坦利杯——一个是蒙特利尔加那迪斯杯,一个是阿瓦兰切杯。
A Super of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将的超级,罗伊赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次是和蒙特利尔加那迪斯和阿瓦兰切的杯。
A Hockey of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
罗伊是名人门将的曲棍球手,他赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次两杯,一次是蒙特利尔加那迪安和阿瓦兰切。
A NHL of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人进球的NHL,罗伊赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次与蒙特利尔加那迪安和阿瓦兰切两杯。
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而争端各方都坐下来参加新一轮会谈。
the strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人的薪酬罢工暂停,而争端各方都坐下来进行新一轮会谈。
and strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人的薪酬罢工将暂停,而争端各方则都坐下来进行新一轮会谈。
of strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油工人工资罢工被暂停,而争端各方都坐下来进行新一轮会谈。
to strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而争端各方都坐下来进行新一轮谈判。
in strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油工人工资罢工被暂停,而争端各方都坐下来进行新一轮谈判。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对油田服务公司伍德集团(Wood Group)发动罢工。
tos against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地进行打击油田服务公司伍德集团(Wood Group)的宣传活动。
ofs against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
在北海由荷兰皇家壳牌(Royal Dutch Shell)经营的平台上,针对油田服务公司的伍德集团(Wood Group)零星演出。
ands against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
针对油田服务的Wood Group公司零星地在荷兰皇家壳牌(Royal Dutch Shell)运营的北海平台上演出。
thes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Wood Group)零星地在北海的平台上对阵油田服务公司(Wood Group)。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on rig in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的钻机上对Wood Group油田服务公司发动了攻击。
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Woods Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“伍兹集团(Woods Group)和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”一份联合声明说。
" Wright Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
赖特集团(WrightGroup)和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood Party and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“木党和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”一份联合声明说。
" Wood UK and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“伍德-英国和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”联合声明中写道。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几 周 内 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 重新 审视 这些 问题 。
to will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
将于下周初开始,于其后数周内举行若干次全天会议,以重新审视有关问题。
of will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
从下周初开始,在接下来的几周内将举行一系列的全天会议,以重新审视这些问题。
in will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
在接下来的几周内,我们将举行一系列的全天会议,从下周初开始,以便重新审视这些问题。
and will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
,并会在未来数星期内,由下周初开始,举行多场全天会议,以重新审视有关问题。
the will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
从下周初开始,我们将在接下来的几周内举行一系列的全天会议,以重新审视这些问题。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议潜在的高达30%的减薪。
the labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的首次行动)是为了抗议高达30%的降薪。
of labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的首次行动)是为了抗议可能削减30%的工资。
and labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议潜在的高达30%的减薪。
a labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
一家工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25年多以来的首次行动)是为了抗议高达30%的降薪。
in labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
在工会中,他们表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议可能削减30%的工资。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,伍德集团(Wood Group)今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
the Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场压力,本集团今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
The Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场压力,该公司今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
of Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场压力,美国北方集团(Group)今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
and Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场压力不利,美国北海集团(Group)今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
He Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,他今年将支付给北海承包商的利率下调了9%左右。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后开始降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent reduction for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent drop for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent cut for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后降价。
the company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后降价。
of company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
公司降价之前,2014年陆上承包商降价10%。
The company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给该公司在市场低迷时期所需的空间。
The firm said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给该公司在市场低迷时期所需的空间。
The brand said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该品牌表示,额外的裁员将给该公司在市场低迷中移动所需的空间。
the company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司有通过市场下滑所需的空间。
and company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给该公司在市场低迷时期所需的空间。
to company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司有通过市场下滑所需的空间。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经裁员数千人,并宣布了在与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)正在精简业务后,将石油和天然气业务外包给至多10个国家。
Shell, for itself part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Bell)已经裁员数千人,并宣布了在与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)正在精简业务,将石油和天然气业务外包给至多10个国家。
Shell, for it part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已裁员数千人,并宣布计划将石油和天然气业务外包给多达10个国家,因为壳牌公司在与英国能源公司BG Group进行大规模合并后,正在精简其业务。
Shell, for its part, has removed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经将数千人从工资单中剔除,并宣布了在与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)正在精简业务后,将把石油和天然气业务留在至多10个国家。
Shell, for its part, has cut thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经将数千人从工资单中剔除,并宣布了在与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)正在精简业务后,将把石油和天然气业务留在至多10个国家。
Shell, for its part, has eliminated thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经将数千人从工资单中剔除,并宣布了在与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)正在精简业务后,将石油和天然气业务外包给至多10个国家。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the UK decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
the companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
由于原油价格下跌,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使得油价下跌对两家公司造成了压力。
and companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
原油价格的下跌给公司带来了压力,而英国6月份决定退出欧盟使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
of companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
由于原油价格下跌,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使得油价下跌对企业造成了压力。
in companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌给公司带来了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会面,讨论过一代人以来在北海地区发生的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人中打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish MP of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议会议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人中打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish MPs of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议会议员戴维·安德森(Dave Anderson)与劳工领袖们会面,讨论在一代人时间内打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Minister of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
苏格兰议会部长戴维·安德森(Dave Anderson)本周早些时候与劳工领袖们会晤,讨论在一代人时间内打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Conservative of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议会保守派戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人时间内打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is vital to the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is crucial for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is essential for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is critical for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is important for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济非常重要。
" In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在北海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" In the West Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在西海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" In the Bad Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
他在一份声明中说:“在恶劣的海面和全国各地,我们需要一种对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济。”
" In the Nord Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在北海和全国的右岸,我们需要一个对多数而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" In the Alt Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在阿尔特海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
Less than $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将少于14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less of $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将减少14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less to $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将减少至14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less US $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将减少14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less over $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将减少14亿多美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less USD $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将减少14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群中恒星的自旋速率
Kepler measures spin rates of stars of Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群的自旋速率
Kepler measures spin rates of stars with Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量恒星与星群的自旋速率
Kepler measures spin rates of stars by Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星簇的自旋率
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest probe by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新探测器帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest survey by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新调查帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest Mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的飞行任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest observatory by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的观测台帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest telescope by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的望远镜帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
the new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
of new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
in new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
在新的数据中,天文学家正在帮助理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
and new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
to new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
对新的数据帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our findings to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的发现与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our data to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的数据与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our observations to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望通过将观测结果与其他星群进行比较,我们就能更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our measurements to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的测量数据与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to another star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其它星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的许多恒星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
Many in the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
许多星群中的明星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前出生。
Many the the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
许多星群中的明星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前出生。
Many to the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
许多星群中的明星刚刚步入成年,生于大约1.25亿年前。
Many a the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
许多星群中的明星刚刚步入成年,生于大约1.25亿年前。
Many that the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
许多星群中的明星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前出生。
They're spinning as fast as they ever will.
他们转得越快越好。
They're spinning as fast as we ever will.
他们正像我们一样快速地转动着。
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风。
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large jets of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们顶峰的自旋速率下喷射出恒星的大型喷射流.
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amount of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风.
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject huge amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星以它们的最高自旋速率喷射出大量的恒星风。
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject extensive amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风.
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject massive amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风。
As these winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们在恒星上产生了制动效应.
As these winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a barking effect on the stars.
当这些狂风穿过恒星的磁场时,它们会对恒星产生狂吠效应。
As this winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这种狂风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As those winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As the winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当狂风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As that winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当狂风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As a star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
As a star ages, its spin rate starts to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
As a star ages, its spin rate tends to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速率往往会放缓.
As a star ages, its spin rate tend to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速率往往会放缓.
As a star ages, its spin rate itself to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速率本身会放缓.
As a star ages, its spin rate begins gradually slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋率开始逐渐放缓.
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Ke the measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Ke and measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
克和测量每颗恒星的自旋速率通过跟踪从可识别的恒星点的出现到太阳黑子出现之间的时间。
Ke had measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
克通过跟踪从可识别的恒星点的出现到太阳黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率。
Ke of measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
测出每颗恒星的自旋速率的方法是跟踪从可识别的恒星点出现到太阳黑子出现之间的时间。
Ke in measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
在测量每个恒星的自旋速率时,通过跟踪从可识别的恒星点的出现到太阳黑子出现之间的时间,就像太阳黑子一样。
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的恒星,更多的恒星的自旋速度要慢。
the latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的恒星,更多的恒星的自旋速度要慢。
a latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的自旋速率,大型恒星的自旋速度要慢。
to latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
对最新的自旋速率目录来说,比起较少的自旋速率,大型恒星的自旋速度要慢。
of latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的自旋速率,大型恒星的自旋速度要慢。
and latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的自旋速率,大型恒星的自旋速度要慢。
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
thebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
木桶把星星比作舞蹈者,大一些的比小一些的要慢。
ofbull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
比尔把星星比作舞蹈家,大一点的比小一点的要慢。
tobull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
托布尔把星星比作舞蹈者,大一点的比小一点的要慢。
andbull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
和Bull把星星比作舞蹈者,大一些的比较小的要慢。
abull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
芭芭拉把星星比作舞蹈者,大一些的比小一些的要慢。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
" From the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
从星的'ballet'中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
" By the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
“通过星的'球',我们看到慢转子的体积较大,而最快的转子往往是非常轻的星星,”RBUL说。
" During the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
“在星的'球'期间,我们看到慢速的转子越来越大,而最快的转子往往是非常轻的星星,”RBUL说。
" in the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到慢转子的体积较大,而最快转子的体积则非常轻。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal stellar laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,它是一个理想的星座实验室,可以比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal astronomical laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,因此它是一个理想的天文实验室,可以比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal rotating laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是一个理想的旋转实验室,可以将恒星质量与自旋速率进行比较。
the the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
星团是如此接近,它是一个理想的宇宙实验室,可以比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
of the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
星群的星系非常接近,它是一个理想的宇宙实验室,可以将恒星质量与自旋速率进行比较。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星向上旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这种理论模型向上向下移动,越来越年轻,也越来越老。”鲁布尔说。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both direction, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星自转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这种理论模型向两个方向移动,越来越年轻,也越来越老。”鲁布尔说。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going all directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这些恒星旋转的方向越来越小,越来越老。”鲁布尔说。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going two directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,向两个方向移动,年轻和老。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星降低他们的自旋速率和挂起他们的舞鞋,等等。
We still get a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星减速和悬挂他们的舞蹈鞋,等等。
the still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
还有很多我们想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星降低他们的自旋速率,挂起他们的舞鞋,等等。
of still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们想了解一下,恒星如何、何时、为何降低自旋速率、悬挂他们的舞鞋等等。
in still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
在仍然有很多我们想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星降低他们的自旋速率和挂起他们的舞鞋,等等。
and still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
并且我们还有很多想了解如何,何时和为什么恒星降低自旋速率,挂起它们的舞鞋等等。
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在三份新论文中详细分析了雷亚德的自旋率,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
Rebull and her collaborators detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull及其合作者在不久将出版的《天文学杂志》上发表的三份新论文中详细介绍了他们最近对Pleiades自旋率的分析。
inbull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
英布尔和她的同事在三份新论文中详细分析了普莱德的自旋率,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
ofbull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
诺贝尔和她的同事们在三份新论文中详细分析了普莱德的自旋率,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
thebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
泰布尔和她的同事在三份新论文中详细分析了普莱德的自旋率,不久将发表在《天文学日报》上。
andbull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
安布尔和她的同事在三份新论文中详细分析了普莱德的自旋率,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According says Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According said Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君介绍,南湖最深处10米以上,不懂得水环境的人可能面临危险。
According To Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
of to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
至南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君,南湖最深处十多米,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
to to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of water are probably confronted with danger.
至南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君,南湖最深处10米以上,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
" Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但是我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" While the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队非常专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" Though the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队非常专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" As the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
郑建君说:“由于南湖公园的营救队非常专业,我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。”
" Whilst the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
郑建君说:“虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。”
" Because the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists can wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely " Zheng Jianjun said.
由于南湖公园的营救队非常专业,我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客能够穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
Wai Tau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
韦头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化生态。
Wai Kai Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
韦启村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化生态。
Wai Lau Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
韦刘村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化生态。
Wai Tin Tsuen boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
韦天村拥有独特的海洋环境,有两种休闲旅游资源,包括自然生态和文化生态。
" However, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
" However, some owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,一些在社区购买停车位的业主担心这会影响他们停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
" However, many owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车位的许多业主担心这会影响他们的停车位价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,因此他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
" however, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。”
" But, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
但是,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们的停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。
" but, several owners who bought the parking spaces in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking spaces and doubted that others were selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
但是,在社区购买停车位的几家业主担心这会影响他们的停车位的价格,并怀疑其他人自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车位的变换被搁置了。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的版本。
of for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
对于何时介绍和由谁介绍红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的版本。
and for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
对于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的版本。
in for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
在问及何时引入和由谁引入的红薯,在学术界仍有许多不同的版本。
the for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
对于何时介绍和由谁介绍红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的版本。
to for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different versions in the academic community.
来解答何时引入和由谁引入的红薯问题,学术界中仍有许多不同的版本。
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 甜薯的引入有三条主线.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines of the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 甜薯的引入主要有三条线.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines behind the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中,引入红薯有三条主线。
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines to the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 甜薯的引入有三条主线.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major lines explaining the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 有三条主线解释红薯的引入.
In the current mainstream view, there are three major line for the introduction of sweet potato.
在目前的主流观点中, 甜薯的引入有三条主线.
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、通信量最大的系列。
Among all three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州,在三条引进红薯的路线中,是影响最大、交通最畅通的一条。
of the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、通信量最大的系列。
in the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引入福州是影响最大、沟通最广的一条。
a the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
引进红薯的三大系列,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、沟通最广的系列。
the the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and largest communication.
引进红薯的三大系列,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、沟通最广的系列。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将很快对统一收取社会团体会员费的情况进行专项检查。
Beijing municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将很快对统一收取社会团体会员费的情况进行专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of integrated receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将很快对社会团体会员费综合收据使用情况进行专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of consolidated receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室不久将对社会团体会员费统一收据使用情况进行专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of central receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将很快对社会团体会员费中央收据使用情况进行专项检查。
Beijing Municipal Social Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of separate receipts of social group membership fees.
北京市社会管理办公室将很快对使用不同的社会团体会员费收据的情况进行特别检查。
Inspection is divided into two categories, unit self-examination and spot inspection.
检查分为单位自检和现场检查两大类。
Inspection is divided into two categories, unit self-inspection and spot inspection.
检查分为单位自检查和现场检查两大类。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal association said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
市政协会负责人表示,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
Relevant deputy in charge of the municipal association said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
相关市政协会负责人说,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
Relevant person in charge of the local association said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
当地协会负责人表示,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal organization said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
负责市政组织的相关人士表示,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
Relevant person in charge of the municipal Association said, the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts of social group fees in the social mass organization between 2013 and 2015.
市政协会负责人表示,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在社会团体组织中统一收取社会团体费的社会群体。
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
里约奥组委在制订2012年奥林匹克运动会宣传战略的同时,表示“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的”。
" A success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
“奥林匹克运动会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人来决定的,”里约热内卢奥组委说,同时制定了2012年奥运会的交流策略。
" In success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
里约奥组委说,在奥林匹克运动会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的,同时制定2012年奥林匹克运动会的宣传策略。
" I success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
里约奥组委在制订2012年奥林匹克运动会宣传战略的同时表示:“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的。”
" the success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人来决定的,”里约热内卢奥组委说,同时制定了2012年奥运会的交流策略。
" a success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the communication strategy of 2012 Olympic Games.
“奥林匹克运动会的成功是由那些在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的,”里约热内卢奥组委说,同时制定了2012年奥运会的交流策略。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等各个方面都发生了许多变化。
From the news report of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道来看,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等各个方面都发生了许多变化。
From the news reporting of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等各个方面都发生了许多变化。
From the news coverage of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道来看,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻视角等方面都发生了很大的变化。
From the news broadcasts of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥林匹克运动会的新闻广播中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等各个方面都发生了许多变化。
From the news broadcast of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥林匹克运动会的新闻转播情况看,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻视角等方面都发生了很大的变化。
It seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It appears that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It looks that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮挑战。
It seem that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It is that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
正是国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮挑战。
the seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
似乎国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者将不得不迎接这一轮的挑战。
On August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月11日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股的最后一天。新闻指出,股市的反应对前两天的市场并非特别。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
in August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
今年8月11日,Everbright Securities H股公开发行的最后一天。新闻指出,股市的反应对前两天的市场并非特别。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
of August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
今年8月11日,Everbright Securities H股公开发行的最后一天。新闻指出,股市的反应与前两天并无特别关系。根据该计划,该股将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
the August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
今年8月11日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股的最后一天。新闻指出,股市的反应对前两天的市场并非特别。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
to August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
至8月11日,这是公开出售Everbright Securities H股的最后一天。新闻指出,市场的反应对前两天的市场并非特别。根据计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
and August 11, this is the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. News went that the market response was not special for market of the previous two days. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
及8月11日公开出售EverbrightSecuritiesH股票的最后一天。新闻指出,前两天市场的反应并非特别。根据计划,该公司将于8月18日上市。
A domestic brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名国内券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
A overseas brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名海外券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
A foreign brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名外国券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
A international brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名国际券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
A national brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名国内券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
A local brokerage analyst said that the Orient Securities in Hong Kong did not enjoy a good foundation. Only its capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with Bank of China International and CITIC Securities, etc.
一名本地券商分析师表示,香港东方证券没有良好基础,只有其资产管理业务的实力,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等公司相比,存在诸多内在问题。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,不能一概而论。
Experts noted out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,因此不能一概而论。
Experts remarked out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,不能一概而论。
Experts commented out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,不能一概而论。
Experts stressed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家们强调,随着证券市场恢复平稳,许多经纪商今年的业绩出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,因此不能一概而论。
Experts highlighted out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the detailed situation of the listed companies is dependent on the detailed development of the corporate business and cannot be generalized.
专家强调,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多经纪商的业绩都出现了下滑,但上市公司的详细状况取决于公司业务的详细发展,不能一概而论。
After the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
to the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新协议的出台,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
of the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
在新交易引入规制后,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
in the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
在新协议出台后,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
the the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新协议的出台,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
and the introduction of the regulation of the new deal, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新协议的出台,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
In and to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
在苏州,合肥和南京等其它二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
In the to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
在苏州,合肥、南京等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
In a to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
在苏州,合肥和南京等其它二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
In of to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
在苏州,合肥、南京等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
In in to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce the property market regulation and control policies.
在苏州,合肥、南京等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管政策。
Prior to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
在此之前,合肥是第一个发布贷款限制政策的人。对于那些在合肥有两套房和一栋住房贷款没有支付的人,银行会拒绝给他们抵押贷款服务。
Prior to that, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
在此之前,合肥是第一个发布贷款限制政策的人。对于那些在合肥有两套房和一栋住房贷款没有支付的人,银行会拒绝给他们抵押贷款服务。
the to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
至此,合肥率先对贷款政策作出限制。对于那些在合肥有两套房和一栋住房贷款未偿付的人,银行将拒绝给予他们抵押贷款服务。
in to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
为此,合肥率先对贷款政策作出限制。对于那些在合肥有两套房和一栋住房贷款未偿付的人,银行将拒绝给予他们的抵押贷款服务。
of to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
除此之外,合肥是第一个发布贷款限制政策的人。对于那些在合肥有两套房,而且有一套住房贷款没有支付的人,他们将被拒绝银行的抵押贷款服务。
and to this, Hefei has been the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two suites in Hefei and have one housing loan not paid, they will be denied with the mortgage services from bank.
因此合肥是第一个对贷款政策进行限制的人。对于那些在合肥有两套房,而且有一套住房贷款没有支付的人,银行将拒绝给他们按揭服务。
