28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead in San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead At San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead Near San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山广场附近发现死尸
28-Year-Old Chef Shot Dead at San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心枪杀
28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead In San Francisco Mall
28 岁大厨在旧金山购物中心发现尸体
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位28岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 27-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位27岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 29-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位29岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 26-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位26岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall last week.
一位28岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,上周被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in a stairwell of a local mall this week.
一位28岁的厨师最近搬到了旧金山,这星期被发现死在一家当地商场的楼梯井里。
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害人的弟弟说他想不出谁想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anybody who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害者的兄弟说他想不出谁想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他来说还好。”
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt her, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害人的弟弟说他想不出谁想伤害她,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone that would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但是受害人的弟弟说他想不出任何想要伤害他的人,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
But the victim's brother admits he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
但受害人的兄弟承认,他想不出任何人想要伤害他,他说,“事情最终对他有利。”
And the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, " Things were finally going well for him. "
受害人的弟弟说他想不出谁想伤害他,他说:“事情最终对他有利。”
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
The body discovered at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的这具尸体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
The body found in the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
A body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的一具尸体是28岁的旧金山居民Frank Galicia。
The man found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的这个人被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
The body found near the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
旧金山医学检查师办公室说,星期三上午在威斯特菲尔德购物中心发现的尸体被确认为旧金山28岁的居民Frank Galicia。
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
旧金山警察局表示,这起死亡案被裁定为杀人案,目前正在进行调查。
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation was ongoing.
旧金山警察局表示,这起死亡案被裁定为一起杀人案,目前正在进行调查。
The San Francisco Police Department said his death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
旧金山警察局表示,他被判定死亡,正在进行调查。
The San Francisco Police Department stated the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
旧金山警察局表示,这起死亡案被裁定为杀人案,目前正在进行调查。
The San Francisco Police Department said her death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
旧金山警察局说,她被判定为杀人犯,正在进行调查。
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is underway.
旧金山警察局表示,这起死亡案被裁定为杀人案,目前正在进行调查。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,六个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant four months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线厨,4个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant three months ago.
受害人的兄弟路易斯·加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,三个月前,弗兰克曾是波士顿的一家线厨,三个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant nine months ago.
受害人的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线上厨师。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant two months ago.
受害者的兄弟路易斯·加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,两个月前,弗兰克曾是波士顿的一家线上厨师,两个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅找到了他理想的线厨。
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant several months ago.
受害人的兄弟路易斯?加利西亚(Louis Galicia)对旧金山ABC电视台KGO表示,弗兰克(Frank)曾是波士顿的一家线上厨师,几个月前在旧金山儿子和女儿餐厅(San Francisco Sons & Pholes)找到了他理想的线厨。
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by his death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesman for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by his death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters stated they were " shocked and devastated " by his death.
儿子和女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " shocked and devastated " by her death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,她们对她的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " stunned and devastated " by his death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震惊 ”.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were " devastated and devastated " by his death.
儿子 和 女儿的一位发言人说,他们对他的死感到 “ 震惊和震撼 ”.
" We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小型的团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,他将被深深地怀念,”发言人说。
" We are a small team that operates like a tightly knit family and he will be dearly missed, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小型的团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,他将被深深地怀念,”发言人说。
" We are a small team that operates like a tight knit family and he will be dearly missed, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小型的团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,他将损失惨重,”发言人说。
" We are a small team that works like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小团队,工作像一个紧密的亲亲家庭,他将损失惨重,”发言人说。
" We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed, " a spokesperson said.
一位发言人说:“我们是一个小团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,他将被深深地怀念。”
" We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and you will be dearly missed, " the spokesperson said.
“我们是一个小型的团队,就像一个紧密相连的家庭一样运作,你会被深深地怀念,”发言人说。
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在这困难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示慰问和慰问。
Our sympathy and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在此困难时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示同情和慰问。
Our love and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在这艰难的时刻,我们与弗兰克的家人和朋友的爱和慰问。
Our prayers and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在这困难的时刻,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友祈祷和慰问。
My thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
在这困难的时刻,我和弗兰克的家人和朋友都很在意和慰问.
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends for this difficult time.
在这段艰难的时光里,我们向法兰克的家人和朋友表示慰问和慰问。
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克起初住在旅舍里, 但最近, “ 事情最终对他来说还不错. ”
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things are finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克最初住在旅舍里,但最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis Galicia said Frank has stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯·加利西亚说,弗兰克一直住在旅舍里,但最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis also said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易还说,弗兰克起初住在旅舍里, 但最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis has said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易说,弗兰克最初住在旅舍里, 但最近, “ 事情最终对他有利. ”
Louis later said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, " Things were finally going well for him. "
路易斯后来说,弗兰克起初住在旅舍里, 但是最近, “ 事情最终对他来说还不错. ”
" He found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
" We found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 我们找到了一间公寓, 他在和一个女孩约会, ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
" I found an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 我找到了一间公寓, 他在和一个女孩约会, ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating this girl, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和这个女孩约会. ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
" He found an apartment, he was dating a woman, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 他找到了一间公寓, 他正和一个女人约会. ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
" He rented an apartment, he was dating a girl, " Louis Galicia told KGO.
“ 他租了一套公寓, 他正和一个女孩约会. ” 路易·加利西亚对KGO说.
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加利西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone that would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加利西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他弟弟。
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his older brother.
路易斯·加利西亚说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的哥哥。
Louis later said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯后来说,他想不出谁想要伤害他的弟弟。
Louis also said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易还说,他想不出任何人想要伤害他的弟弟。
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anybody who would want to hurt his younger brother.
路易斯·加利西亚说他想不出谁想伤害他的弟弟。
He was a kind spirit with a big heart.
他是一个心地善良的人.
She was a kind spirit with a big heart.
她是个好心肠的人.
He is a kind spirit with a big heart.
他是个好心肠的人.
He was a kind spirit with a good heart.
他是个好心肠的人.
He was a kind spirit with a generous heart.
他是一个心胸宽厚、善良的人.
He was a kind person with a big heart.
他是一个心地善良的人.
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
Her way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
她与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family is always making us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人的交流方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always cooking us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us breakfast, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们做一道菜,给我们做早餐。
His way of connecting with the family was always fixing us a dish, making us dinner, " Louis Galicia said.
他与家人联系的方式总是给我们准备一道菜,给我们做晚餐。
He never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
他从来不想在任何一种争吵中。
He never wanted to be in any sort of altercation.
他从来不想在任何一种争吵中.
He never wanted to be in any type of altercation.
他从来不想卷入任何争论.
He hardly wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
他几乎不愿进行任何争论.
He never wanted to be in that kind of altercation.
他从来不想在这种争吵中.
She never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
她从来不想在任何争吵中。
He was the brother that went with the flow.
他是顺流而行的兄弟。
He was the brother who went with the flow.
他是随波逐流的弟弟。
I was the brother that went with the flow.
我是随波逐流的哥哥。
It was the brother that went with the flow.
顺流而行的是那兄弟。
He was the brother that goes with the flow.
他是顺流而上的兄弟.
He was a brother that went with the flow.
他是一个随波逐流的兄弟.
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不协调,他就是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" For everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“对于世界上其他一切事情来说,他都是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" Above everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“比起世界上其他一切事情,他就是那颗天天闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" Despite everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“尽管世界还出了什么问题,他还是那颗天天闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was burning bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不协调,他就是那颗天天燃烧着的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
" With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was the diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day, " he said.
“由于其他一切事情都与世界不协调,他就是那颗闪闪发光的粗糙的钻石,”他说。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-575-4444。
Anyone seeking information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
任何人如欲索取资料,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-575-4444。
Anyone requesting information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
任何人如欲索取资料,请致电SFPD提款电话:415-575-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-555-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-555-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-515-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-515-4444。
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-525-4444.
任何人如果知道情况,请致电SFPDTipLine,电话为415-525-4444。
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取新的工业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for immediate industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁立即采取工业行动
Junior school strike : Calls for fresh industrial action
初中罢工:呼吁采取新的产业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for more industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取更多的产业行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for fresh union action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁工会采取新的行动
Junior doctors strike : Calls for violent industrial action
青少年医生罢工:呼吁采取暴力产业行动
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Groups of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生团体呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Hundreds of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
数百名初级医生呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have called upon their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们关于新合同的争论中授权新的产业行动。
Thousands of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
数千名低级医生呼吁他们的工会在他们争论新合同时授权新的产业行动。
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute over a new contract.
初级医生的代表们呼吁他们的工会在他们关于新合同的争议中授权新的产业行动。
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的产业行动.
The Young Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学会 ( BMA ) 的青年医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的工业行动.
The Joint Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学会联合医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的工业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action by early September.
英国医学会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会在九月初前支持更多的工业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action in early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 要求其全体理事会在九月初支持更多的工业行动.
The Junior Doctors Committee ( JDC ) of the British Medical Association ( BMA ) planned to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
英国医学协会 ( BMA ) 的初级医生委员会 ( JDC ) 计划要求其全体理事会从九月初开始支持更多的工业行动.
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
JDC说,部长们没有解决对合同的担忧。
The NDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
NDC说,部长们没有解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns regarding the contract.
联合发展委员会表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns over the contract.
JDC表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
The JDC says ministers had failed to address concerns about the contract.
JDC说,部长们没有解决对合同的担忧。
The SADC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
南部非洲发展共同体(SADC)表示,各国部长未能解决对合同的担忧。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal negotiated with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA谈判的合同协议。
Junior physicians and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
7月,初级医生和医科学生投票否决了与BMA达成的一项合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject the contract deal agreed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
The doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA达成协议的合同协议。
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal proposed with the BMA.
年青医生和医科学生在7月投票否决了与BMA的合同协议。
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员否决了该党.
This was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员否决了这一票.
It was rejected by 58 % of the members who voted in the ballot.
58%在投票中投票的议员否决了该议案.
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted on the ballot.
在投票表决中,58%的党员否决了该党.
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who participated in the ballot.
它被参加投票的58%的党员否决了.
It was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted for the ballot.
58%的投票结果被否决.
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)在致成员的信函中表示,政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " over issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)致函在Twitter上发布,称政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt claimed the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)致函在Twitter上发布,称政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " about issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)致函在Twitter上发布,称政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being cancelled.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)致函Twitter上的成员,表示政府一直对导致合同被取消的问题保持沉默。
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained " persistently silent " on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
周四晚间,JDC主席艾伦?麦考特(Ellen McCourt)在致成员的信函中表示,政府对导致合同被否决的问题一直保持沉默。
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She stated : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,联合发展委员会行政总裁投票否决了新合约,并呼吁就你所关注的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She added : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她补充道:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She continued : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她继续说:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject this proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了这份新合同,并要求就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
She said : " In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations regarding all of your concerns. "
她表示:“鉴于此,JDC行政总裁投票否决了新合约,并呼吁就你所关心的所有问题进行正式的重新谈判。”
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.
为了回应政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今天正式要求德国产业发展局(BMA Council)召开特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行产业行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action starting in early September.
为回应政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今日正式要求,从九月初开始,由BMA理事会召开特别会议,授权一项产业行动升级的滚动计划。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early November.
针对政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今天正式要求BMA理事会召开特别会议,授权从11月初开始实行产业行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today issued a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.
针对政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今天正式要求德国产业发展局(BMA Council)召开特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行产业行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early October.
为了回应政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今天正式要求英国产业发展局(BMA Council)召开特别会议,授权从10月初开始实行产业行动升级的滚动方案。
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today lodged a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.
针对政府的沉默,日本产业委员会(JDC Exec)今天正式要求德国产业发展局(BMA Council)召开特别会议,授权从9月初开始实行产业行动升级的滚动方案。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论已导致年青医生参加今年的六场罢工,包括国民保健制度历史上的首次全面罢工。
This dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这一争论导致年青医生参加了今年的六场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上首次全面罢工。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes that year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这一争论导致年终医生参加了六场罢工,包括国民保健制度历史上的首次全面罢工。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes each year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论导致年青医生每年参加六场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上首次全面停止罢工。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes every year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论导致年青医生每年参加六场罢工,包括全国保健服务协会历史上首次全面停止罢工。
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, marking the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
这场争论已导致年青医生参加今年的六场罢工,标志着国民保健制度历史上首次全面停止。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票否决了BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to approve the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票表决后辞职,同意BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned after the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票后辞职,拒绝BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to terminate the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票决定终止BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the final terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的初级医生领袖Johann Malawana博士在投票否决了BMA建议的合同最后条款后辞职。
The BMA's senior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
BMA的高级医生领袖Johann Malawana医生在投票否决了BMA建议的经谈判达成的合同条款后辞职。
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他曾经告诉BMA会员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加这次调查之前的会谈中,应该接受。
He later told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他后来对BMA成员说,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加这次调查之前的会晤中,应该接受。
He had told RMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他曾经告诉马来西亚医学协会成员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名大夫和医科学生参加这次调查之前的会谈中,应该接受。
He had told EMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他曾经告诉EMA成员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加这次调查之前的会谈中,应该接受。
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 20, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他曾经告诉BMA会员,这笔交易不错,在对20,000名初级医生和医科学生进行民意调查之前的会谈中,应该接受。
He also told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54, 000 junior doctors and medical students.
他还告诉BMA成员,这笔交易不错,在5万4千名初级医生和医科学生参加调查前的会谈中,应该接受。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
After the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt stated the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特表示,这项合同将适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract could be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,这项合同可能会在英国强制雇佣医生。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract should be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特说,合同应该适用于英国的医务人员。
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt confirmed the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
表决后,卫生部长杰里米·亨特证实,这项合同将适用于英国的医生。
Russia and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
俄罗斯和土耳其: 一种 “ 不正当的联盟 ”.
Iran and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
伊朗和土耳其: “ 错误的联盟 ”.
Greece and Turkey : An'alliance of misfits'?
希腊和土耳其: “ 错误的联盟 ”.
Russia and Germany : An'alliance of misfits'?
俄国和德国: “ 错误的联盟 ”?
Russia and China : An'alliance of misfits'?
俄国与中国: 一种 “ 不正当的联盟 ”?
Russia and Turkey : An'alliance for misfits'?
俄国和土耳其: “ 搞错联盟 ” 吗?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
这是一个结束危机的手势.
It was the gesture that ended a crisis.
正是这一姿态结束了一场危机。
It was a gesture that ended any crisis.
这是一个结束一切危机的手势。
It was a gesture that signaled a crisis.
这是一个示意危机的手势.
It was a gesture that ended the crisis.
这是一个结束危机的手势。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eleven-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,宣布正式结束长达11个月的言辞战争和经济制裁。
The presidents of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其总统星期二会晤,握手并宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an 18-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,宣布正式结束长达18个月的言辞战争和经济制裁。
The Presidents of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其两国总统星期二会晤,彼此握手,宣布结束了长达八个月的言语战争和经济制裁。
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an 11-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
俄罗斯和土耳其领导人星期二会晤,与双方握手,宣布正式结束长达11个月的言辞战争和经济制裁。
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
但是,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
So, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
因此,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿镀金大厅迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
Today, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
今天,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿镀金大厅迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded halls of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
但是,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
And, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
在弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿镀金大厅迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
Now, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
现在,当弗拉基米尔·普京在圣彼得堡宫殿的镀金大厅里迎接他的土耳其对手时,我的印象是安卡拉最希望这种和解。
There was the handshake, yes.
握手在那边,是的。
There is the handshake, yes.
握手在那边,是的。
That was the handshake, yes.
那是握手,是的。
It was the handshake, yes.
是握手,是的。
There goes the handshake, yes.
握手在那边,是的。
There was a handshake, yes.
有一次握手,是的。
But Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
But President Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是普京总统的微笑显得很薄,即使按照他自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
But Vladimir Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但弗拉基米尔·普京的微笑显得很瘦弱,即使按照他自己的克制标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
But now Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但是现在普京的微笑显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎不感到温暖。
But even Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
但即使是普京的微笑也显得很瘦弱,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也很难感到温暖。
Even Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
即使是普京的微笑也显得很薄,即使按照自己克制的标准,他也几乎没有露出温暖的神色。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
相比之下,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安反复谈论普京的“亲友”五次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan in contrast talked repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
相反,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安反复谈论他的“亲友”普京五次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-three times, according to one report.
相比之下,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安反复谈论普京的“亲友”三次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his " good friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安(RecepTayyipErdogan)的一份报告显示,他多次谈论他的“好朋友”普京5次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast spoke repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to one report.
相比之下,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安反复谈到普京的“亲密朋友”五次。
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his " dear friend " Mr Putin-five times, according to a report.
相比之下,雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安反复谈论普京的“亲友”五次。
I lost count.
我失去了数。
She lost count.
她失去了数。
He lost count.
他失去了数。
I lose count.
我数不清了。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to its pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis levels, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also pledged that ties with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to the pre-crisis level, but even higher.
他还承诺,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
She also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
她还保证,与俄罗斯的关系不仅会回到危机前的水平,而且会更高。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The other day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
前几天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever occurred.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事。
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as though nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The next day a newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
The next morning one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
第二天早上,一家报纸将埃尔多安描述成好像没有发生什么坏事一样。
To me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我来说,他的热情意味着相反。
For me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我来说,他的热情意味着相反。
To her, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对她来说,他的热情暗含着相反的意思。
To me, his enthusiasm meant the opposite.
对我来说,他的热情正好相反。
To me, his enthusiasm proved the opposite.
对我来说,他的热情正好相反。
To me, her enthusiasm implied the opposite.
对我来说,她的热情意味着相反。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
但普京的冷淡态度表明,俄罗斯领导人没有忘却任何东西。
But the lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
但普京的冷淡情绪表明,俄罗斯领导人没有忘却任何东西。
Yet a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
然而,普京的冷淡态度表明,俄罗斯领导人没有忘却任何东西。
And a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
普京的冷淡表明,俄罗斯领导人没有忘却任何东西。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin indicates that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
但普京的冷淡态度表明,俄罗斯领导人没有忘却任何东西。
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin ensures that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
但普京的冷淡态度却让俄罗斯领导人一无所知。
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In addition, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
此外,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane near the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边界附近击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In fact, the cause of the crisis is the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane over the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边界上空击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments : Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter aircraft on the Syrian border.
事实上,这场危机的起因是他在开场白中首先提到的事情:土耳其在叙利亚边境击落了一架俄罗斯战斗机。
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
莫斯科当时的反应是愤怒的。
Moscow's reaction at the time was negative.
莫斯科当时的反应是否定的。
Moscow's reaction at the time was mixed.
莫斯科当时的反应好坏参半。
Moscow's reaction at that time was furious.
莫斯科当时的反应是愤怒的。
Moscow's reaction at the time was positive.
莫斯科当时的反应是积极的。
Moscow's reaction at the meeting was furious.
莫斯科在会上的反应是愤怒的.
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺杀莫斯科。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the heart.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺杀莫斯科的心脏。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of shooting Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉枪击莫斯科的后背。
Mr Putin lashed back, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京还击,指责安卡拉刺杀莫斯科的后背。
President Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京总统猛烈抨击,指责安卡拉刺杀莫斯科。
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Putin of stabbing Moscow in the back.
普京猛烈抨击,指责普京刺杀莫斯科。
The offence was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
更严重的是, 罪责来自一个假想中的朋友.
This offence was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
更严重的是, 这个罪恶来自一个假想的朋友.
The offence was much greater, coming from a supposed friend.
来自一个假想中的朋友的冒犯要大得多。
The offence is even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
更严重的是, 罪责来自一个假想中的朋友.
The threat was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
威胁更大,来自一个假想中的朋友。
The danger was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
危险更大,来自一个假想中的朋友。
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, possibly impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的, 可能是不可能的.
Rebuilding real trust will be difficult, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是困难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding real trust would be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建真正的信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding that trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建这种信任是艰难的,或许是不可能的。
Rebuilding our trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
重建我们的信心是艰难的, 也许是不可能的.
Russian public opinion has also turned since November.
自11月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion had also turned since November.
自 11月 以来, 俄罗斯 的 舆论 也 有所 转变 。
Russian public opinion has also turned in November.
俄罗斯公众舆论在11月也发生了变化。
American public opinion has also turned since November.
自11月以来,美国公众舆论也发生了变化。
Russian public opinion has gradually turned since November.
自11月以来,俄罗斯公众舆论逐渐转变。
Russian public opinion has also changed since November.
自 11月 以来, 俄罗斯 的 舆论 也 发生 了 变化 。
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场惊人的、全面的攻击。
For weeks, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
几个星期以来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场惊人的、全面的攻击。
For years, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
多年来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场令人震惊的全面攻势。
For months, state-controlled media launched a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
数月来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场令人震惊的全面攻势。
For decades, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
数十年来,国家控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场惊人的、全面的攻击。
For months, government-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
数月来,政府控制的媒体对安卡拉发动了一场惊人的、全面的攻击。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything.
突然之间,土耳其人似乎要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it was like Turks were to blame for everything.
突然之间,就像土耳其人要为每件事负责一样。
All of a sudden, it looked like Turks were to blame for everything.
突然之间,土耳其人似乎要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it felt like Turks were to blame for everything.
突然间,它觉得土耳其人要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it seemed that Turks were to blame for everything.
突然之间,土耳其人似乎要为每件事负责。
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for this.
突然之间,土耳其人似乎要为此负责。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Especially serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利,这尤其严重。
More serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
更严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most prominent were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最著名的是高级官员指责埃尔多安的家族从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from the illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最严重的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
Most notable were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
最值得注意的是,高级官员指责埃尔多安的家人从所谓的伊斯兰国控制的叙利亚地区的石油非法贸易中牟利。
He's denied that emphatically.
他断然否认了这一点.
She's denied that emphatically.
她断然否认了这一点.
He's denied this emphatically.
他断然否认了这一点.
He's denied it emphatically.
他坚决否认了。
He's stated that emphatically.
他重点说了这句话。
But in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
但是在圣彼得堡,正式的消息是,现在是继续前进的时候了。
But from St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
但来自圣彼得堡的官方信息是,现在是继续前进的时候了。
But with St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
但随着圣彼得堡的官方信息,现在是继续前进的时候了。
And in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
在圣彼得堡,正式的消息是,现在是继续前进的时候了。
Then in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
接着,在圣彼得堡传来正式信息,该是继续前进的时候了。
Back in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
回到圣彼得堡的官方信息是,现在是继续前进的时候了。
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
After all, this meeting only occurred because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin received the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京收到了他要求埃尔多安总统做出的道歉。
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin gave the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京向埃尔多安总统道歉。
After all, this meeting only happened because Vladimir Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为弗拉基米尔·普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
After all, the meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
毕竟,这次会面只是因为普京得到了他所要求的埃尔多安总统的道歉。
Russia could claim a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯可以宣称取得了某种程度的胜利.
Russia would claim a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯将声称取得某种程度的胜利.
Russia can claim a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯可以说是某种意义上的胜利.
Russia will claim a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯 将 声称 取得 某种 程度 的 胜利 。
Russia could win a victory of sorts.
俄罗斯可以赢得某种意义上的胜利。
They could claim a victory of sorts.
他们可以说是某种意义上的胜利.
For Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
对安卡拉来说,休战的好处是显而易见的。
In Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
在安卡拉,休战的好处是显而易见的。
At Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
在安卡拉,休战的好处是显而易见的。
For them the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
对他们来说,休战的好处是显而易见的。
For us the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
对我们来说,休战的好处是显而易见的。
For me the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
对我来说,休战的好处是显而易见的。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was almost ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get since he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month by a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能够得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月由于一场失败的政变几乎被推翻了政权。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get because he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他能得到的所有朋友,因为他上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被赶下台。
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he could get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
首先,埃尔多安需要他在上个月在一次失败的政变中几乎被赶下台后能得到的所有朋友。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也动摇了他。
Neat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
对土耳其的严密恐怖袭击显然也动摇了他。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey had clearly shaken him too.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然也动摇了他。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him deeply.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然使他深受震撼。
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him up.
对土耳其的多次恐怖袭击显然使他感到震惊。
Repeat terror attacks in Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
在土耳其再三发动恐怖袭击,显然也动摇了他。
There is also an economic motive.
还有一个经济动机。
This is also an economic motive.
这 也 是 一 个 经济 动机 。
It is also an economic motive.
它也是一种经济动机。
There was also an economic motive.
还有一个经济动机。
There is also the economic motive.
还有经济动机。
There is also an evil motive.
还有一个邪恶的动机.
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经严重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast every year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经沉重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry two million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经沉重打击了对包机的禁令。 包机每年通常运送200万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry 3 million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经严重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送300万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian sanctions have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry 2 million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的制裁措施已经严重打击了对包机的禁令,这种禁令通常每年运送200万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
Russian policies have hit hard-particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
俄罗斯的政策已经受到严厉打击,特别是禁止包机,这种包机每年通常运送数百万俄罗斯游客到土耳其海岸。
The number has slumped by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下降了近90%.
This number has slumped by almost 90 %.
这个数字已经下降了近90%.
That number has slumped by almost 90 %.
这个数字已下跌近90%.
The number has slumped by nearly 90 %.
这个数字已下跌近90%.
Their number has slumped by almost 90 %.
他们的人数已经下降了近90%.
The number has slumped by over 90 %.
这个数字已经下跌了90%以上.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights finally resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
Unfortunately for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
不幸的是,对俄罗斯来说,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
Fortunately for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
幸运的是,对俄罗斯来说,当航班最终恢复时,这里的旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights can resume.
至于俄罗斯,一旦恢复航班,这里的旅游经营者和包机公司肯定会松绑。
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies there will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
至于俄罗斯,当航班最终恢复时,旅游运营商和包机公司肯定会松绑。
They're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
他们正在迎晚期奔赴地中海。
We're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
我们的银行业正在迎来一个晚期的地中海热潮。
They're banking on a mid-season rush to the Mediterranean.
他们正在一个中季奔赴地中海的银行业务。
They're banking on a late-summer rush to the Mediterranean.
他们正忙着在深夏奔赴地中海。
They're banking on a late-season trip to the Mediterranean.
他们准备在下个赛季后期去地中海旅行。
They're banking on a late-night rush to the Mediterranean.
他们深夜急忙赶往地中海。
And even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
And already this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
”本周,国家电视台已经预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜就会更便宜。
And until this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
直到本周,国家电视台一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
And earlier this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
本周早些时候,国家电视台一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
And even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruits and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
即使是本周,国家电视台也一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
And during this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
在本周,国家电视台一直预测,一旦土耳其再次允许进口农产品,水果和蔬菜会更便宜。
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Pedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 佩德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report by Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report from Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 这里的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourists this way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 游客是这样, 这里的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
" Tourist that way, tomatoes back here, " as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
“ 那边的游客, 那边的西红柿, ” 韦德莫西蒂报纸的一篇报道是这样描述的.
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
但此次访问对莫斯科也具有额外的政治价值。
But his visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
但他的访问对莫斯科也具有额外的政治价值。
But this visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
但这次访问对莫斯科也具有额外的政治价值。
However the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
然而,这次访问对莫斯科也具有额外的政治价值。
But the visit also had additional political value to Moscow.
但此次访问对莫斯科也具有额外的政治价值。
But the visit still had additional political value for Moscow.
但这次访问对于莫斯科来说,仍具有额外的政治价值。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
Ankara remains angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉仍然对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
Ankara was angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a poor response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不佳。
Ankara is angry with the West over what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considered a weak response to the attempted takeover.
安卡拉对西方不满,认为西方对收购企图反应不力。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他渴望利用伊朗的寒冷情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's links with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他渴望利用寒冷的情绪,切断土耳其与西方的联系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Russia's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他渴望利用俄罗斯与西方的冷酷关系,并削弱与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's relations with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步伐感到不满,他渴望利用伊朗的冷酷情绪,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalize on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期对加入欧盟的谈判步履不满,他热衷于利用这种寒冷和削弱土耳其与西方关系的做法。
Add to that its long-standing gamble at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin-who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
除此之外,普京还长期赌输于加入欧盟的缓慢谈判,而普京则热衷于利用寒冷的形势,削弱土耳其与西方的关系。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
在未遂政变后,这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持民选当局而赢得安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities during the attempted coup.
这位俄罗斯领导人在未遂政变中呼吁支持民选当局,当然赢得了安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara by calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
在未遂政变后,这位俄罗斯领导人呼吁支持民选当局,这无疑赢得了安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the failed coup.
政变失败后,这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持民选当局而赢得安卡拉的加分。
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities against the attempted coup.
这位俄罗斯领导人因呼吁支持民选当局反对政变而赢得安卡拉的加分。
The military leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
军事领导人在未遂政变后呼吁支持民选当局,当然赢得安卡拉的加分。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-rooted fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着根深蒂固的恐惧。
Mind you, it's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
您必须遵守《全国人大常委会关于维护互联网安全的决定》及中华人民共和国其他有关法律法规。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow that has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow who has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政权更迭有着深层的恐惧。
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of political change.
请注意,这是给莫斯科的,因为莫斯科对政治变革有着深层的恐惧。
So the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这座光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方抛弃和虐待,并加入其中。
So a summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这片光辉的海边宫殿举行的峰会让俄罗斯和土耳其得以展示一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方国家所拒绝和虐待,并加入其中。
So our summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,我们在这个光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,让俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感到被西方抛弃和虐待,并加入其中。
So this summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这个光辉的海边宫殿的这次峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方国家所拒绝和虐待,并加入其中。
So the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries which feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
因此,在这座光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方抛弃和虐待,并加入其中。
And the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an " alliance of misfits " : two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
在这座光辉的海边宫殿的峰会上,俄罗斯和土耳其展示了一位分析师对我描述的“不正当联盟”:这两个国家感觉被西方国家所拒绝和虐待,并加入其中。
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
However, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
然而,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍有重大分歧。
Still, despite their public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管如此,尽管他们公开表示要和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
Still, despite this public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管如此,尽管公开展示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
Still, despite the apparent display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管如此,尽管表面上显示了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
Still, despite the outward display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
尽管如此,尽管表面上表现出了和解,但两者仍然存在重大分歧。
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The main one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
叙利亚是最主要的地区,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The biggest one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
最大的一个是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The key one is Syria, where Russia has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
关键是叙利亚,俄罗斯最近一直投身于和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
The last one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
最后一个是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
A key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
一个关键因素是叙利亚,莫斯科最近一直充当和平缔造者,但俄罗斯和土耳其却背靠背。
It could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be telling that after nearly three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,经过近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在一次新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be telling that after almost two hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近两个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be telling that after almost four hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,在经历了将近四个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It could be telling that after almost five hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
可以说,经过近五个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在一次新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
It would be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
很明显,在经历了将近三个小时的初始会谈后,两位总统在新闻发布会上说,他们甚至没有触及到这个话题。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
土耳其总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin sought to underline them.
土耳其总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则试图强调这些分歧。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin tried to underline them.
土耳其总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则试图强调这些分歧。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin attempted to underline them.
土耳其总统故意回避回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则试图强调这些分歧。
Russia's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
俄罗斯总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则选择强调这些分歧。
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin wanted to underline them.
土耳其总统故意避免回答关于双方分歧的问题,而普京则想强调这些分歧。
There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
在他们如何在叙利亚问题上寻求共同点的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they should seek common ground on Syria.
关于他们应在何处寻求叙利亚问题上的共同点,没有明确共识。
There is no clear consensus on how they can seek common ground on Syria.
在他们如何在叙利亚问题上寻求共识的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear consensus on where they will seek common ground on Syria.
在他们将在何处寻求叙利亚问题上达成共识的问题上没有明确的共识。
There is no clear agreement on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
在他们可以在何处寻求叙利亚问题上达成共识的问题上没有明确的一致意见。
There is no clear consensus on whether they can seek common ground on Syria.
在他们能否在叙利亚问题上寻求共识的问题上,没有明确的共识。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机可能带来极端灾难,两位领导人至少再次会谈当然会更好。
And after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时可能发生极端灾难,两位领导人至少再次会谈当然会更好。
But after weeks of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数周的公开敌意之后——鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时可能爆发极端灾难——两位领导人至少再次对话当然更好了。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders be at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机可能带来极端灾难,两位领导人至少再谈一次当然更好了。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that these two leaders are at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机时可能发生极端灾难,两位领导人至少再次谈话当然会更好。
But after months of open hostility-and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet-it is surely better that the two leaders start at least talking again.
但是在经历了数月的公开敌意之后,鉴于北约成员土耳其击落了那架俄罗斯战斗机可能带来极端灾难,两位领导人至少应该重新开始对话。
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行消失在苏格兰以外的客户面前
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)将在苏格兰境外消失
Central Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
苏格兰中央银行要消失在苏格兰以外的客户中
Royal Bank of Scotland branches disappear for customers outside Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)的分行在苏格兰境外消失
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers in Scotland
苏格兰皇家银行将消失,成为苏格兰的客户
The Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
苏格兰银行要消失在苏格兰以外的客户面前
The brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌将被降格为后台。
The brand RBS is to be reduced to a front office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌将被降格为前沿办公室。
The brand RBS was to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
据该行首席执行官称,该品牌将被降格为后台。
The British RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
英国皇家银行首席执行官表示,英国皇家银行将被降格为后台。
The UK RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
英国皇家银行首席执行官表示,英国皇家银行将被降格为后台。
The London RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
伦敦皇家银行首席执行官表示,伦敦皇家银行将被降格为后台。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)将在苏格兰境外消失。
Royal Bank of Scotland would disappear for customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行将在苏格兰以外的客户中消失.
Royal Bank of Scotland may disappear for customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)可能会在苏格兰以外的客户中消失。
The Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰银行将在苏格兰以外的客户中消失.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers in Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行将在苏格兰消失。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear with customers outside Scotland.
苏格兰皇家银行将与苏格兰以外的客户一起消失.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
John McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
约翰.麦凯恩告诉英国广播公司(BBC)苏格兰分公司(BBC),该品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ian McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
伊恩.麦凯恩(Ian McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(RBS)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand is associated with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's international ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩告诉英国广播公司(BBC)苏格兰分公司(BBC),该品牌与该行的国际抱负有关。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand became associated with the bank's global ambitions.
罗斯.麦凯恩(Ross McEwan)告诉英国广播公司(BBC),苏格兰皇家银行(BBC)的品牌与该行的全球雄心有关。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自8年前几乎崩溃以来,它已经从他们那里撤离,不得不得到纾困。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed five years ago and had to be bailed out.
自5年前几乎崩溃以来,政府就已经从他们那里撤离,不得不得到纾困。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed ten years ago and had to be bailed out.
自10年前几乎倒塌以来,它已经从他们那里撤离,不得不得到纾困。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed three years ago and had to be bailed out.
自三年前几乎倒塌以来,政府就已经撤离了他们,不得不得到纾困。
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed two years ago and had to be bailed out.
自两年前几乎崩溃以来,它已经从他们那里撤离,不得不得到纾困。
It never retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
自八年前几乎倒塌以来,它从未从他们那里退缩过,不得不得到纾困。
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
During this time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
Since that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
从那时起, 品牌策略师就用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
During that time, brand strategists have used'RBS'to protect other personal finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师利用RBS来保护其他的个人金融品牌.
During that time, brand strategists also used'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师也利用RBS来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
During that time, brand strategists have adopted'RBS'to protect other consumer finance brands.
在此期间, 品牌策略师采用了 “ RBS ” 来保护其他消费者金融品牌.
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Five Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际体育赛事方面,从五国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Tri Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从三星橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from 6 Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从6个国家橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都得到了数百万英镑的支持。
This was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
这在赞助国际运动方面得到了数百万英镑的支持,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·默里。
It is backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
在赞助国际运动方面,从六国橄榄球赛到温布尔登冠军安迪·莫雷,都有数百万英镑的支持。
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但是现在, 人们认为让更多本土品牌上台是正确的.
But today, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但如今,人们却认为让更多本土品牌上台是正确的。
But ultimately, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但归根结底,让更多本土品牌上台,这已被公认为是对的。
But then, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但是,人们一直认为,让更多本土品牌上台是正确的。
For now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
眼下,让更多本土品牌上台,这已被公认为是正确之举。
But again, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
但同样,人们也认为让更多本土品牌上台是正确的。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于苏格兰客户,但不会被授权。
The Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰银行将被用于苏格兰客户,但不会被授权。
Royal Bank of Scotland may be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行(Royal Bank of Scotland)可能与苏格兰客户一起使用,但不会被删除。
Royal Bank of Scotland can be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行可以与苏格兰客户一起使用,但不会被删除。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with UK customers, but will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于英国客户,但不会被授权。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, and will not be initialised.
苏格兰皇家银行将被用于苏格兰客户, 并且不会被授权.
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
For England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
对于英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
In England and Wales, all HBOS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有HBOS的引用,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为NatWest。
In England and Wales, all ONS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,在总公司和证券交易所上市之外,所有股票交易所的引用将改为NatWest。
In England and Wales, the RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,苏格兰皇家银行的参股人,除总部和证券交易所上市外,将改为纳特韦斯特(NatWest)。
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head offices and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
在英格兰和威尔士,所有苏格兰皇家银行的引用,除总部和证券交易所上市外,都将改为NatWest。
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户.
The Northern Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
北方银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Irish Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
爱尔兰银行品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Ulster Bank name is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的名字已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Ulster Bank brand was already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经用于爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户。
The Ulster Bank brand is already used by customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
乌尔斯特银行的品牌已经被爱尔兰共和国和北爱尔兰的客户使用过.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get greater prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,这些品牌将获得更大的声誉——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Merchant Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的商行。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will gain more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较小的品牌,它们将获得更多声誉——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, larger brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他规模较大的品牌,这些品牌将更加显赫——Coutts、Adam & Co、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence-Coutts, Adam & Company, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
私人银行业还有其他较小的品牌,这些品牌将获得更多关注——Coutts、Adam & Company、Drummond和Holt的军事银行。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次客户和员工参观中,麦凯恩接受了采访。
Ian McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
Ian McEwan在Inverness-shire的一次顾客和员工参观中接受了采访。
John McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-shire的一次客户和员工参观中,约翰·麦凯恩接受了采访。
Angus McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
安格斯·麦凯恩在Inverness-shire的一次顾客和员工参观中接受了采访。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff around Inverness-shire.
麦克恩恩在参观英维尔内斯郡的客户和员工时接受了采访。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff throughout Inverness-shire.
在Inverness-Share的客户和员工参观期间,麦凯恩接受了采访。
He told BBC Scotland : " The RBS brand will end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands. "
他告诉BBC苏格兰分公司,“RBS的品牌最终会成为我们的投资者品牌和我们员工所雇用的品牌,因为我们现在更多地成为一个品牌银行。”
He told BBC Scotland : " The RBS brand will end up being our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands. "
他告诉BBC苏格兰分公司,“RBS的品牌将最终成为我们的投资者品牌和我们员工所雇用的品牌,因为我们现在更多地成为一个品牌银行。”
He told BBC Scotland : " The RBS brand will end up as our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands. "
他告诉BBC苏格兰分公司,“RBS的品牌将最终成为我们的投资者品牌和我们员工所雇用的品牌,因为我们现在更多地成为一个品牌银行。”
He told BBC Scotland : " The RBS brand might end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands. "
他告诉BBC苏格兰分公司,“RBS的品牌最终可能成为我们的投资者品牌和我们员工的品牌,因为我们现在更多地变成了一个品牌银行。”
He told BBC Scotland : " The RBS brand may end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands. "
他告诉BBC苏格兰分公司:"苏格兰皇家银行的品牌最终可能成为我们的投资者品牌和我们员工的品牌,因为我们现在更多地成为一个品牌银行。
He told BBC Scotland : " The RBS brand could end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands. "
他告诉BBC苏格兰分公司,“RBS的品牌最终会成为我们的投资者品牌和我们员工的品牌,因为我们现在更多地变成了一个品牌银行。”
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
随着该银行自身成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
当该银行自身成为全球品牌后,苏格兰皇家银行便成为全球品牌。
While the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
当该银行自身成为全球品牌时,苏格兰皇家银行(RBS)成为全球品牌。
As the bank gradually became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
随着该银行逐渐成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
As the bank later became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
随着该银行后来成为全球品牌,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
As the bank itself became a global business, RBS became the global brand.
随着该行自身成为全球业务,苏格兰皇家银行成为全球品牌。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有地方抱负。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local ambitions.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有地方抱负。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have national aspirations.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有民族抱负。
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have individual aspirations.
现在我说,我们不再有全球抱负,我们也有个人抱负。
I'm now saying we no longer have national aspirations, we have local aspirations.
现在我说,我们不再有民族的志向,我们有地方的志向。
I'm now thinking we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
我现在认为,我们不再有全球抱负,我们有地方抱负。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自社区中完全不同的事物,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Every one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自社区的某种不同之处,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Each member of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌的每一个成员都会在他们自己的社区中代表某种不同的东西,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different within their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自社区里完全不同的事物,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in its own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一家都会代表各自社区的某种不同之处,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
Each one of those brands will stand for something very different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
这些品牌中的每一个都会代表各自社区中非常不同的东西,我们的工作人员将在这些品牌下与客户合作。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
RBC had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
RCS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
RCS已经表示,将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且一直在提高不同品牌在体育赞助活动中的地位。
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Five Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,它将不再继续其五国赞助活动,而且它一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
RBS has already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,它将不再继续其六国赞助活动,并且一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
RBS had already stated that it was not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
苏格兰皇家银行已经表示,它不会继续其六国赞助活动,而且它一直在其体育赞助活动中提升不同品牌的形象。
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在我们转移到品牌银行的时机已经成熟,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于让这家更好的客户银行呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we concentrate on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们是如何集中精力让这家更好的客户银行的呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we work on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在我们转移到品牌银行的时机已经成熟,因为我们一直在问,我们是如何让这家更适合客户的银行的呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we go on making this a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在我们转移到品牌银行的时机已经成熟了,因为我们一直在问,我们如何让这家更好的客户银行?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making it a better bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在我们是时候转向品牌银行了,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于使它成为一个更好的客户银行呢?”
" The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath ( we've been asking ) how do we focus on making this a good bank for customers ? " said the chief executive.
首席执行官说:“现在是我们转移到品牌银行的时候,因为我们一直在问,在下面,我们如何专注于让这家为客户服务的好银行呢?”
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
三年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical two years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
两年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical five years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
五年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,并且把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical ten years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
十年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
It would have been very cynical twenty years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
20年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,那将是非常愤世嫉俗的。
I would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
三年前,如果我们说我们会成为客户的伟大银行,把这些品牌放在那里的话,我会非常愤世嫉俗的。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But after the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是经过我们的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你看到了很多变化。
And with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on our customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not your own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需要,而不是你自己的需要,我认为你正在看到很多变化。
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on your customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
但是随着我们一直在做的工作,专注于客户的需求,而不是我们自己的需求,我认为你看到了很多变化。
We can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌重新带回来,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
We could bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
我们可以把这些品牌重新带回来,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
We will bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
我们会把这些品牌重新拉回来,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
We must bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
我们必须把这些品牌重新拉回来,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
We should bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
我们应该把这些品牌重新拉回来,所以我认为时机已经合适了。
You can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
你可以把这些品牌重新带回来,所以我认为时间是正确的。
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了3000名优胜者
Frankie Dettori reaches 2, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了2 000名优胜者
Frankie Dettori reaches 1, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了1 000名冠军
Frankie Dettori reached 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了3000名优胜者
Frankie Dettori reaches 3, 500 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·迪多利在新市场赢得了3500名优胜者
Frankie Dettori surpassed 3, 000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
弗兰基·戴托利在新市场击败了3000名获胜者
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在纽市的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜一筹
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 2, 000 wins
迪托利在纽市的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他赢得了2000胜
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 10, 000 wins
戴托利在纽市的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以10000胜出
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 1, 000 wins
迪托利在纽市的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以1000胜一筹
Fattori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3, 000 wins
胖子在新市场打双打后喷洒香槟,夺冠3000胜
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket taking him to 3, 000 wins
迪托利在纽市的双人赛后喷洒香槟,他以3000胜出
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
上周五,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在纽市,夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 2, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
上周五,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在纽市,夺得了他的2000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 1, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
上周五,马奇·弗兰基·迪托利在纽市,夺得了他的1000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Saturday.
周六,赛马士弗兰基·迪托利在新市场夺得了他的3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Sunday.
星期天,赛马士弗兰基·迪托里在纽市获得他的3000名英国冠军。
Jockey Frankie Dettori recorded his 3, 000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
周五,赛马士弗兰基·迪托里在纽市纪录了他的3000名英国冠军。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第二个获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his third winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第三个获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his fourth winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与他晚上的第四个获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
He followed up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,跟在地标上与他晚上的第二名获胜者一起追逐。
He brought up the landmark with his first winner of the night at his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,他在当地的田径比赛中,与第一个晚上的获胜者一起把地标抬高了。
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night on his local track-on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
他和他的第二名晚上获胜者一起,在约翰·戈斯登的训练下,在当地的跑道上登上了地标。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
The 33-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位33岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
The 29-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位29岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth rider to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利人是抵达平板赛场标志性赛车的第六位骑手。
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to achieve the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利人是第六个在平板赛跑中取得里程碑的骑师。
The 45-year-old Italian was the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
这位45岁的意大利骑师是第六个到达平板赛地标的骑师。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 雷斯脱·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Wright, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·赖特、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Frank Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 弗兰克·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
It follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
下面是戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·史密斯、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Geoff Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士 、 道格·史密斯 、 杰夫·皮戈特 、 帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Ford, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
他跟随戈登·理查兹爵士、道格·福特、雷斯脱·皮戈特、帕特·艾德里和威利·卡森。
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
曾经三次夺冠的赛车手迪托利在加亚尔的比赛中获胜,他说: “ 这是特别的. ”
Four-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
曾经四次夺冠的赛车手迪托利在加亚尔的比赛中获胜,他说:“这很特别。”
Five-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
曾经五次夺冠的赛车手迪托利在加亚尔的比赛中获胜,他说:“这很特别。”
Two-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said : " It's special. "
曾两次夺冠的赛车手迪托利在加亚尔上胜出,他说: “ 这是特别的. ”
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Khayyar, said : " It's special. "
曾经三度夺冠的赛车手迪托利在Khayyyar的比赛中获胜,他说: “ 这是特别的. ”
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, stated : " It's special. "
曾经三次夺冠的赛车手迪托利在加亚尔上胜出,他说: “ 这是特别的. ”
I'm very emotional because my family are here as well
我很感动,因为我的家人也在这里
I'm very emotional because your family are here as well
我很感动,因为你的家人也在这里
I'm very emotional that my family are here as well
我非常感动,我的家人也在这里
I'm very emotional because my friends are here as well
我很感动,因为我的朋友也在这里
I'm very emotional because my family are there as well
我很感动,因为我的家人也在那里
I'm so emotional because my family are here as well
我如此感动,因为我的家人也在这里
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket as this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket and this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,这是30年前我登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because that is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为那是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very happy for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这里是我30年前登陆的地方。
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed ten years ago.
我很高兴这发生在新市场,因为这是我在十年前登陆的地方。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 20, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有20,000人。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 30, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有30,000人。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 10, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有10,000人。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Saturday night with 20, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期六晚上,有20,000人。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Sunday night with 20, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期天晚上,有20,000人。
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot-it's a mundane Friday night with 40, 000 people.
这不是一个重大的会议,也不是一个皇家阿斯科特-这是一个平凡的星期五晚上,有四万人。
I'm relieved and very humble.
我松了一口气,很谦卑.
I'm relieved and so humble.
我松了一口气,很谦卑.
I'm beautiful and very humble.
我很美丽,很谦卑。
I'm relieved and more humble.
我松了一口气,更谦卑了.
I'm relieved and strangely humble.
我松了一口气,很谦卑.
I'm young and very humble.
我很年轻,很谦卑.
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后带进喜悦,他把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Detriti soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
胜利后,他带进喜悦中,他把欢呼声冲高地吸了起来
Hattori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
获胜后,Hattori把欢呼声浸泡在心里
Kotori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
科托里在胜利后带给人们的欢呼声中浸泡了起来
Otori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
奥托里在胜利后带给人们的欢呼声中浸泡了起来
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he throws in Predilection after victory
迪托利在胜利后投向喜悦,他深深地陶醉了人们的欢呼声
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次的冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories during a record-breaking career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次的冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy),在创纪录的职业生涯中,他得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Jack Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马骑师已经进入了跳跃赛跑冠军杰克·约翰逊和20次退役冠军安东尼·麦科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)的里程碑,他在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-setting career.
约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和20次退役冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Willie Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两名骑师已经进入了跳跃赛跑运动员威利·约翰逊和退役20次冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)的里程碑,他在创纪录的职业生涯中获得了4300多场胜利。
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing-champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-times champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4, 300 victories in a record-breaking career.
两位赛马士在跳跃赛跑冠军理查德·约翰逊(Richard Johnson)和退役20次冠军马科伊爵士(Sir Anthony McCoy)中达到了里程碑,在创纪录的职业生涯中,他获得了4300多场胜利。
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得分手,4次,493次生涯获奖
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 3, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次德比夺冠,3次,493次生涯获奖
Lester Piggott, six-time Derby winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,6次得分手,4次,493次生涯获胜
Lester Piggott, seven-time Derby winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,7次得分手,4,493人
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 2, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,9次得分手,2,493次生涯获奖
Lester Piggott, five-time Derby winner, 4, 493 career wins
莱斯特·皮戈特,五次得分手,4,493人
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的如此之少,这是不足为奇的。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys in the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑师之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的如此之少,这是不足为奇的。
Frankie is one of the finest jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑师之一,毫不奇怪他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前,已经实现的如此之少。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era so it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最好的骑师之一,因此他已经到达了这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的很少了,这是不足为奇的。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has achieved this landmark so few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最优秀的骑手之一,他已经达到这个里程碑,在他之前已经实现的很少。
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark that few have achieved before him.
弗兰基是现代最好的骑师之一,他已经到达了这个里程碑,这是不足为奇的。
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又强壮,但是在称重室里,他和别人区别开来的是他的战术内涵。
He looks stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他看上去既时髦又强壮,但是称重室里他与别人区别的却是他的战术内涵。
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous which sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又强壮,但正是他的战术内涵使他在称重室里与众不同。
He is stylish and strong, and it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又强壮,在称重室里,正是他的战术内涵把他与别人区别开来。
He is stylish and athletic, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又健壮,但是称心室里他有别于别人的是他的战术内涵。
He is stylish and elegant, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
他既时髦又优雅,但是称重室里他有别于别人的是他的战术内涵。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been attracting fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been bringing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直把球迷带入赛场。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma has been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans into the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的热情和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷加入这项运动。
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his charm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
他是一个出色的赛马大使,他的魅力和魅力多年来一直吸引球迷参加这项运动。
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不只是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着6000个赢家!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 3, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不只是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着3000个赢家!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 2, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不只是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着两千个赢家!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 10, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着10000个赢家!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 20, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着2万个冠军!
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 1, 000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey !
几周前我在Epsom对弗兰基说,如果他不只是周末和大赛跑的骑手,他就会骑着1000个赢家!
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,弗兰基在过去30年中,在英国的比赛中,他一直是赢家,这非常值得一看。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners around the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,在30年中,弗兰基一直在英国兜售冠军,这非常值得一看。
Now though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
不过现在,弗兰基在英国的比赛中,在30年的比赛中,赢得了冠军,这非常值得一看。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the better part of 30 years which is great to see.
说真的,弗兰基在过去30年中的大部分时间里都在英国追逐获奖者,这非常值得一看。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is good to see.
说真的,弗兰基30年来在英国的比赛中一直是赢家,这很好看。
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 10 years which is great to see.
说真的,在英国,弗兰基在10年的比赛中一直是冠军,这非常值得一看。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing and more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,而且他是一个难以置信的骑手。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an amazing jockey.
他是一个活泼的人物,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是一个令人惊叹的骑师。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an exceptional jockey.
他性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是个杰出的骑师。
He's a lively character that is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
他是一个活泼的人物,对英国的赛车很有好处,但不止于此,他是一个难以置信的骑师。
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an outstanding jockey.
他性格活泼,对英国赛车很有帮助,但更重要的是,他是一个优秀的骑师。
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多里用飞翔下山的商标庆祝了这个里程碑
Joe Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
乔·戴托利用飞翔下山的商标庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori marked the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多里用飞翔下山的商标标志了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with his trademark flying dismount
弗兰基·迪多里以他的飞行标志庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark double dismount
弗兰基·迪多里用一个双向下沉的商标庆祝了这个里程碑
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark triple dismount
弗兰基·迪多里用一个三重吊销的商标庆祝了这个里程碑
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从飞行终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From sprint finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从短跑终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛的海报男孩。
From photo finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
从照片的完成到飞翔的下山,弗兰基迪托里二十年来一直是英国平板赛车的海报男孩。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for three decades.
从飞行的终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里已经是英国平板赛的海报男孩30年了。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for four decades.
从飞行的终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里是40年来英国平板赛跑的海报男孩。
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for five decades.
从飞行的终点到飞下山,弗兰基·迪托里已经是英国平板赛的海报男孩五十年。
It has been a rollercoaster ride.
那是一次过山车旅行.
This has been a rollercoaster ride.
这是一次过山车旅行.
It has been a rollercoaster track.
那是条过山车轨道.
It has been a rollercoaster park.
那是个过山车公园。
There has been a rollercoaster ride.
曾经有过一次过山车旅行.
It has been a rollercoaster since.
从那时起,它就成了一只过山车。
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特在内的大批大赛冠军,但他也幸免于难,并服下了毒品禁令。
Stacks of big-winning winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
包括他1996年著名的“7号阿斯科特号巨星”在内的一群大赢家,但他也幸免于难,并服下了毒品禁令。
Steals of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
抢夺大赛冠军,包括他1996年著名的“伟大七星号”阿斯科特,但他也幸免于坠机,服了毒品禁令。
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he never survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
大批大赛冠军,包括他1996年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特,但他从未在飞机失事中幸免于难,并服过毒品禁令。
Strokes of big-race winners, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
大赛冠军的中风,包括他1996年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特,但他也幸免于难,服下了毒品禁令。
Stacks of big-race wins, including his famous 1996'Magnificent Seven'at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
他赢得了大赛的胜利,包括他1996年著名的“七星号”阿斯科特,但他也幸免于难,并服下了毒品禁令。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他起初挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Four years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
四年前,他刚从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时就挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Two years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
两年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他开始挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that nine-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,他刚从那九个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时就挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Five years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
五年前,当他从六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时,他起初挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量,可以对抗怀疑者,回到他的最佳状态。
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he displayed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
三年前,他刚从那六个月的暂停状态中恢复过来时就挣扎着,但是他表现出了强大的性格力量来对抗怀疑者并恢复到最佳状态。
And he may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
迪托里之前曾说过,他想继续比赛,至少要到50岁。
And it may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
在一段时间内可能无法完成,迪托里之前曾说过他希望继续比赛,至少直到50岁。
And this may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
这在一段时间内可能无法完成,迪托里之前曾说过他希望继续比赛,至少直到50岁。
And that may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
这在一段时间内可能无法完成,迪托里之前曾说过他希望继续比赛,至少直到50岁。
And he may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 40, at least.
迪托里之前曾说过,他想继续比赛,至少要到40岁。
But he may not be done for some time-Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
迪托里之前曾说过,他想继续竞争,至少要到50岁。
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Antonov
俄罗斯普京的麻袋参谋长谢尔盖·安东诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Mikhailov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·米哈伊罗夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Vladimir Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长弗拉基米尔·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergey Ivanov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Borisov
俄罗斯普京的幕僚长谢尔盖·鲍里索夫
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔?普京(Vladimir Putin)出乎意料地解雇了他的幕僚长谢尔盖?伊万诺夫(Sergei Ivanov)。
Russian president Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统普京(Vladimir Putin)意外解雇了他的幕僚长伊万诺夫(Sergei Ivanov)。
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergey Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔?普京(Vladimir Putin)意外地解雇了他的参谋长谢尔盖?伊万诺夫(Sergey Ivanov)。
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Vladimir Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京意外地解除了他的参谋长弗拉基米尔·伊万诺夫的职务。
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Antonov.
俄罗斯总统普京(Vladimir Putin)意外解雇了他的参谋长谢尔盖·安东诺夫(Sergei Antonov)。
Russian President Vladimir Putin had unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
俄罗斯总统普京(Vladimir Putin)意外解雇了他的幕僚长谢尔盖·伊万诺夫(Sergei Ivanov)。
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一部分。
Mr Antonov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
安东诺夫先生多年来一直是普京信任的内圈的一部分。
Mr Borisov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,鲍里索夫先生一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一员。
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's powerful inner circle for many years.
多年来,伊凡诺夫一直是普京强大的内圈的一部分。
Vladimir Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,弗拉基米尔·伊万诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一员。
Boris Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
多年来,鲍里斯·伊万诺夫一直是普京所信赖的内圈的一员。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environment and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport matters.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 事务 的 特别 代表 。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for energy and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 能源 和 运输 问题 的 特别 代表 。
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative on environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 环境 和 运输 问题 特别 代表 。
The 63-year-old has now been designated a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
现 已 任命 63 岁 的 人 为 负责 环境 和 运输 问题 的 特别 代表 。
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明说,普京“已经下令解除伊万诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但没有给出任何理由。
A statement from the Kremlin stated that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明称,普京“下令解除伊万诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但没有给出任何理由。
A statement from the Kremlin claimed that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明声称普京“已经下令解除伊万诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但是没有给出任何理由。
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Mikhailov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
克里姆林宫的声明称,普京“下令解除米哈伊洛夫作为俄罗斯总统政府领导人的职责”,但没有给出任何理由。
A spokesperson from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
一位来自克里姆林宫的发言人说,普京“已经下令解除伊万诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但是他没有给出任何理由。
A spokesman from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had " decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration, " but gave no reason.
一位来自克里姆林宫的发言人说,普京“已经下令解除伊万诺夫作为俄罗斯总统行政首脑的职责”,但是他没有给出任何理由。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2012年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2009, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2009年起,伊万诺夫的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2008, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2008年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2007, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2007年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2006, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2006年起,伊万诺夫的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2005, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
自2005年起,伊万诺夫先生的副手安东·瓦伊诺被任命为他的继任者。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 前 外交官 。
Mr Waino, 44, is a former diplomat.
韦诺 先生, 44 岁, 前 外交官 。
Mr Zaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
扎伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 前 外交官 。
Mr Faino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Faino先生,44岁,前外交官。
Mr Vaino, 44, is a retired diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 退休 外交官 。
Mr Vaino, 44, was a former diplomat.
瓦伊诺 先生, 44 岁, 前 外交官 。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林,毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院(MMIMO ),在东京大使馆任职。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served at the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林, 毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ),在东京大使馆工作.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and worked in the Tokyo embassy.
他 于 1972年 出生 在 爱沙尼亚 首都 塔林, 毕业 于 莫斯科 国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ), 并 在 东京大使馆 工作 。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the Moscow Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林,毕业于莫斯科国立国际关系学院,在东京大使馆任职。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIFO ) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
1972年出生于爱沙尼亚首都塔林,毕业于著名的莫斯科国立国际关系学院(MGIFO ),在东京大使馆任职。
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations ( MGIMO ) and served in the Tokyo Embassy.
1972年 出生 在 爱沙尼亚 首都 塔林, 毕业 于 莫斯科 国立国际关系学院 ( MMIMO ), 任职 于 东京大使馆 。
Later he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 用俄语 ) 说,后来他管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Later she managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 用俄语 ) 说,后来她管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Then he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 俄语 ) 说,然后他管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
There he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 俄语 ) 说,他在那里管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Previously he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫网站 ( 俄语 ) 说,此前他管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员.
Later he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin archive says ( in Russian ).
克里姆林宫档案馆说,后来他管理着总统礼仪和政府工作人员 ( 用俄语 ).
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
被任命后, 他对普京说: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
Upon being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
被任命后, 他告诉普京: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
After being appointed, he told Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
在被任命后, 他告诉普京: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
On being appointed, he thanked Mr Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
在被任命时, 他感谢普京: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
On being appointed, he told President Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
在被任命后, 他对普京总统说: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
On being appointed, he told Vladimir Putin : " Thank you for your trust. "
被任命后, 他对弗拉基米尔·普京说: “ 谢谢你的信任. ”
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I believe the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of passing laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,通过法律和控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of making laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,制定法律和控制你的指示是如何执行的。
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of issuing laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我认为政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,颁布法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
We think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
我们认为,政府最重要的任务是支持你作为国家元首的活动,起草法律,控制你的指示是如何执行的。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Mr Putin told a Russian television station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Antonov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,安东诺夫要求离开这个哨所,并建议瓦伊诺代替他。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov was asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊凡诺夫被要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to quit the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期五对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求辞职,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Thursday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
普京星期四对一家俄罗斯电视台说,伊万诺夫要求离开这个岗位,并建议瓦伊诺接替他的位置。
Do the smiles convince ?
微笑是否令人信服?
Will the smiles convince ?
微笑会让人信服吗?
Do their smiles convince ?
他们的微笑是否令人信服?
Did the smiles convince ?
微笑说服了 吗?
Do his smiles convince ?
他的微笑是否令人信服?
Do my smiles convince ?
我的微笑是否令人信服?
This is a move that has mystified Moscow.
此举使莫斯科神秘化。
It is a move that has mystified Moscow.
这是使莫斯科神秘化的举动。
This was a move that has mystified Moscow.
此举使莫斯科神秘化了。
This is a move which has mystified Moscow.
这是使莫斯科神秘化的举动。
This is the move that has mystified Moscow.
这是使莫斯科迷惑不解的举动。
This is a move that has mystified me.
这是一个让我迷惑不解的举动。
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
谢尔盖·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
Alexander Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
亚历山大·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
Vladimir Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
弗拉基米尔·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,就像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's close allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
谢尔盖·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京的亲密盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃中服役。
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, worked in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
谢尔盖·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,像他一样,在苏联安全部门克格勃工作。
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet intelligence service, the KGB.
谢尔盖·伊万诺夫长期以来一直是弗拉基米尔·普京最亲密的盟友之一,并且像他一样,在苏联情报部门克格勃中服役。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是这个国家最有势力的人之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful people in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是这个国家最有势力的人之一。
As chief of staff he became one of the most powerful men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他成为了国内最有势力的人之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful officers in the country.
作为参谋长,他是该国最有势力的军官之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful generals in the country.
作为参谋长,他是该国最有势力的将军之一。
As chief of staff he was one of the most influential men in the country.
作为幕僚长,他是美国最有影响力的人之一.
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
At a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
In the meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求辞职的。
During a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台播出的会见普京总统的节目中,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
In a meeting with President Putin aired on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在与普京总统的会谈中,两人在国视中表示,参谋长是应普京本人的要求下台的。
In a meeting with President Putin televised on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
在国家电视台与普京总统的电视会议上,两人声称,参谋长是应他的要求下台的。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
Yet despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
然而,尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
And despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
尽管对摄像机微笑着,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, right before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是现在,就在议会选举之前。
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here seem convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管对摄像机微笑,这里似乎很少有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
But despite their smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced-especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
但尽管他们微笑着观看摄像机,这里几乎没有人相信——特别是在议会选举之前。
So is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this the fall-out from some sort of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So was this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
Or is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle ?
或者,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this a fall-out from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的产物吗?
So is this the fall-back from some kind of power struggle ?
那么,这是某种权力斗争的后退吗?
No-one knows yet.
谁也不知道。
No-one knew yet.
还没有人知道。
No-one knows why.
没有人知道为什么。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But his official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但是,他的官方说法——曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策——却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But its official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但它的官方说法——曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策——遭到了极大的怀疑。
Even the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
即使官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人,突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,也遭到了极大的怀疑。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run China's environmental policy-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理中国的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
But the official claim-that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policies-has been met with great scepticism.
但官方宣称,曾经被吹捧为潜在总统的人突然想要管理俄罗斯的环境政策,却遭到了极大的怀疑。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是“麻烦”职位,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov stated " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,我确实在一次谈话中要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是“麻烦”职位,为期4年。
During remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,我确实在一次谈话中要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是够麻烦的,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for three years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是“麻烦”职位,为期三年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov says " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for four years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,你甚至可以说是“麻烦”职位,为期4年。
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said " it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even-you could say-troublesome post, for five years.
在克里姆林宫网站上引用的对普京的讲话中,伊万诺夫说:“2012年初,在一次谈话中,我确实要求你委托我担任这个非常复杂的职位,甚至你还能说5年的麻烦事。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零8个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for three years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已有三年零八个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for five years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已有五年零八个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for two years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明,我担任总统办公室主任已有两年零八个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for six years and eight months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已有六年零八个月了。
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and nine months.
嗯,结果证明我担任总统办公室主任已经4年零9个月了。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.
伊万诺夫先生于2011年12月上任。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2010.
Ivanov先生于2010年12月上任。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2013.
Ivanov先生于2013年12月上任。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2009.
伊万诺夫先生于2009年12月上任。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in November 2011.
伊万诺夫先生于2011年11月上任。
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2014.
伊万诺夫先生于2014年12月上任。
He served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他以前曾担任过副总理和国防部长.
He served previously as a deputy prime minister and finance minister.
他以前曾担任过副总理和财政部长.
She served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
她以前曾担任过副总理和国防部长.
He served previously as a deputy prime minister and foreign minister.
他以前曾担任过副总理和外交部长.
He served previously as both deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他以前曾同时担任副总理和国防部长.
He served previously as the deputy prime minister and defence minister.
他以前曾担任过副总理和国防部长.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全部门的前成员,像普京先生。
He was a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB national security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员和前克格勃国家安全部门的成员,像普京先生一样。
She is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
她是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃国家安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB secret security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃秘密安全部门的前成员,像普京先生。
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB internal security service, like Mr Putin.
他是俄罗斯安全理事会的成员,也是克格勃内部安全局的前成员,像普京先生。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
1990年代末期,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
During the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
1990年代末期,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was chief of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
上世纪90年代末,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin became head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
上世纪90年代末,当普京先生成为取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Antonov was appointed as his deputy.
1990年代末期,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,安东诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
In the early 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service ( FSB ), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
1990年代初期,当普京先生担任取代克格勃的联邦安全局(FSB )局长时,伊凡诺夫先生被任命为他的副手。
When Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他把伊万诺夫列为他最信任的五个人之一。
When Vladimir Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当弗拉基米尔·普京上台执政时,他任命伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五个人之一。
After Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
普京上台后,他任命伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五人之一。
When Mr Putin came into power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
普京上台执政时,他把伊万诺夫列为他最信任的五个人之一。
When Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the four people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他把伊万诺夫先生列为他最信任的四人之一。
When Mr Putin rose to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
当普京上台执政时,他称伊万诺夫先生是他最信任的五个人之一。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京连任后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia during Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为伊凡诺夫在普京连任期间可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's third term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为,伊凡诺夫在普京第三次任期结束后可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三次任期则违反宪法。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia in Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为伊凡诺夫在普京的第二个任期中可能成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三个任期将违反宪法。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov would become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为伊凡诺夫将在普京连任后成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三届任期则违反宪法。
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov should become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
人们曾经认为伊凡诺夫应该在普京连任后成为俄罗斯总统,而普京的第三任期则违反宪法。
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友德米特里?梅德韦杰夫(Dmitry Medvedev)担任了这一职位。
But this post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友德米特里?梅德韦杰夫(Dmitry Medvedev)担任了这一职位。
But the post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友德米特里?梅德韦杰夫(Dmitry Medvedev)担任了这一职位。
But his post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
但普京的另一个亲密盟友德米特里·梅德韦杰夫接替了他的职位。
Eventually that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
最终,普京的另一个亲密盟友德米特里·梅德韦杰夫(Dmitry Medvedev)担任了这一职位。
However that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
然而,普京的另一个亲密盟友德米特里·梅德韦杰夫却担任了这一职位。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当上了总理,仅三年半后。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just four-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当上了总理,仅仅4年半后。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just two-and-a-half years later.
普京在两年半后回到总统任期前就当上了总理。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency only three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前就当上了总理,仅三年半后。
Mr Putin remained prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
普京在回到总统任期前一直担任总理,仅三年半后。
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency some three-and-a-half years later.
普京在三年半后回到总统任期前就当上了总理。
Mystery as fish land in Banff garden
在班夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
Mystery of fish land in Banff garden
班夫花园的鱼地神秘
Mystery as fish land in Tuff garden
在图夫花园里,神秘的鱼地
Listed as fish land in Banff garden
被列为Banff花园内的鱼地
Used as fish land in Banff garden
在班夫花园用作鱼地
used as fish land in Banff garden
在班夫花园用作鱼地
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish which have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
One Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help with identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden at Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鱼。
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying birds that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
一位班夫男子呼吁帮助识别出现在班夫花园里的鸟。
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Doran thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·多兰认为这75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Breen thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·布里恩认为这75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Kevin Hearn thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·赫恩认为这75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼。
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish might be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼。
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish may be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
凯文·贝恩认为这75条鱼可能是水泉沉积的沙鳗鱼.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在距海约500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Mr Bain, who lives about 400m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩先生住在离海约400米的地方,他在旁观镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Mr Bain, who lives about 300m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在离海约300米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hopes someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在距海约500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope with the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩住在距海约500米的地方,他在巡视镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Mr Bain, who lives about 200m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
贝恩先生住在离海约200米的地方,他在旁观镜上贴了眼镜片,希望有人能揭示出这条两英寸长的鱼的外形。
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now connected to Fife
王后渡轮过桥:大桥现已接驳至法夫
Queensferry Bridge : Bridge now connected to Fife
皇后码头大桥:大桥现已接驳至法夫
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge is connected to Fife
过马路:大桥与飞衣相连
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now connected with Fife
王后渡轮过桥:大桥现已接驳至法夫
Queensferry Crossing : Bridge now belongs to Fife
过马路:大桥属于费夫
Queensferry Crossing : station now connected to Fife
过马车站:现接驳至法夫车站
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by June 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年6月竣工
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by April 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年4月完成
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by March 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年3月完成
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by July 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年7月完成
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by October 2017
这个1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年10月竣工
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经加入了昆斯渡渡北甲板和高管意图桥现在连接到飞物。
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now linked to Fife.
工程师们已经加入了昆斯渡渡北甲板和高尔夫桥现在连接到菲夫。
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's upper deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经加入了皇后渡轮的上层甲板和高管意图桥现在连接到飞箱。
Engineers then joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们随后加入昆斯渡渡北甲板,高管式桥现在连接到飞箱上。
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's lower deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
工程师们已经加入了昆斯渡渡船的下甲板和高尔夫桥现在连接到法夫。
These have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct-meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
这些已经加入了昆斯渡渡北甲板和高管意的桥梁,现在连接到飞物。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's four towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,四座桥的四座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's two towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,两座桥的两座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
This is the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It is the last of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是“甲板风扇”之间四个关闭的最后一个,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
It was the first of four closures between the " deck fans, " which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
这是四座“甲板风扇”之间的第一个关闭,现在,桥的三座塔的每个塔都接近完工。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重30, 000吨.
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 4, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重4 000吨。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 3, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重3 000吨。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 2, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重达2000吨。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 1, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重1000吨。
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 m long and weighs 30, 000 tonnes.
离费夫的桥段目前长600米,重30, 000吨.
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It has 30, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有30 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It has 40, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有4万吨钢材和2万吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It has 50, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有50,000吨钢材和20,000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It contains 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 20, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它含有10 000吨钢材和20 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
It has 10, 000 tonnes of steel and 8, 000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
它有10 000吨钢材和8 000吨混凝土以及46条留置电缆。
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年5月完成.
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by June 2017.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年6月完成.
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by March 2017.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年3月完成.
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by April 2017.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年4月完成.
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by July 2017.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年7月完成.
The £ 1. 35bn project is now due to be complete by October 2017.
1350亿英镑的项目将于2017年10月完成.
Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地走向大桥。
Economy Minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长基思·布朗今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was amongst the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地走向大桥。
Cabinet Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
内阁秘书KeithBrown今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地走向大桥。
Economy minister Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
经济部长基思·布朗今天参观了这个网站,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
Transport Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
交通部长KeithBrown今天参观了现场,并率先从陆地上走到了桥上。
He said : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He said : " This is an historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He stated : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
She said : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
她说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He added : " This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他补充道: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
He said : " This is a historical and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
他说: “ 这是修建皇后码头十字路口的历史时刻,也是具有象征意义的时刻. ”
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有超过3万吨的混凝土和钢铁仅仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 100, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有超过10万吨的混凝土和钢材被用来建造这座桥的这一部分。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with nearly 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有将近30 000吨的混凝土和钢材被用来建造这座桥的这一部分。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale in this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
在这个项目中,我们所有人都见证了真正的史无前例的工程,有3万多吨的混凝土和钢材仅仅用来建造这座桥的这一部分。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with almost 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有将近30,000吨的混凝土和钢材被用来建造这座桥的这一部分。
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30, 000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to construct this part of the bridge.
我们都见证了这个工程的史无前例的规模,有超过3万吨的混凝土和钢材仅仅用于建造这座桥的这一部分。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管大桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
With the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
高架桥和桥面之间的桥梁的体积和重量巨大,使桥面的连接变得非常精密,具有非常精确的适配公差。
Given the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
鉴于大桥的体积和重量,完成高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合是一个非常精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving very precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管桥的体积和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite the enormous size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管大桥的体积和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合,但是一个精密的操作,涉及非常精确的公差来配合。
Despite the huge size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
尽管桥的尺寸和重量巨大,完成了高架桥与桥甲板之间的闭合,但是一个精密的操作,包含非常精确的公差来配合。
Overall, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前将近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上被拆卸了。
Overall, over 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,79%以上的桥面已经就位,最后的部分是今天在罗西丝浇筑的混凝土桥面,这意味着所有的桥面已经准备好被提升到桥面上的位置了。
Currently, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
目前,总桥面的近79%已经就位,最后的甲板是其混凝土的甲板在今天的罗西,这意味着所有甲板已经准备好被提升到桥上的位置了。
Overall, approximately 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
总体来看,目前总桥面的79%左右已经就位,最后的甲板部分是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上被拆卸了。
However, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
然而,目前将近79%的桥面已经就位,最后的甲板是其混凝土的甲板在今天的罗西,这意味着所有的甲板已经准备好被提升到桥上的位置了。
Today, nearly 79 % of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
今天,整个桥面的将近79%已经就位,最后的甲板是今天在罗西斯浇筑的混凝土甲板,这意味着所有的甲板都准备好在桥上拆卸了。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?马丁(MichaelMartin)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
John Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任约翰?马丁(JohnMartin)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director stated : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?马丁(MichaelMartin)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director commented : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?马丁(MichaelMartin)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on any bridge project is always a major milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?马丁(MichaelMartin)表示:“任何桥梁项目的首次关闭都是一个重要的里程碑。
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said : " The first closure on a bridge project is always a significant milestone.
ForthCrossingBridgeCulturingors项目主任迈克尔?马丁(MichaelMartin)表示:“桥梁项目的首次关闭一直是一个重要的里程碑。
On this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
In this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程项目中, 这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
With this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
有了这个神奇的工程项目,这个关闭代表了领先的土木工程。
On this fantastic project, this closure represents cutting edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程项目上, 这个关闭代表了最先进的土木工程.
On this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge structural engineering.
在这个神奇的工程中, 关闭代表了领先的结构工程.
On this fantastic project, the closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
在这个神奇的工程中, 关闭代表了领先的土木工程.
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在安装最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the south-or landward-side.
在安装最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭南岸或陆岸的缺口。
After removing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在拆除最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
After opening the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在打开最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
After completing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在完成最后一段路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
After closing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north-or landward-side.
在关闭最后一条路面并连接到扩建的北塔路面后,我们不得不关闭在北面或陆面的缺口。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
这是通过将北面高管向南移动700毫米来完成的。
This was done by pulling the southern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
这是通过南面高管向南移动700毫米而完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 400 millimetres southwards.
这是通过将北面高架通道向南移动400毫米来完成的。
This was done by pulling the eastern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
这 是 通过 将 东面 高管 700 毫 米 的 南面 引向 来 完成 的 。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 600 millimetres southwards.
这是通过向南移动600毫米高架通道完成的。
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 500 millimetres southwards.
将北面高架通道南移500毫米就完成了这项工作。
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这 是 一 个 巨大 和 同时 非常 微妙 的 行动 。
It was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这是一项庞大的同时也非常精细的手术。
This is a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这 是 一 个 巨大 和 同时 非常 微妙 的 操作 。
This was a massive but, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这是一项巨大的但同时又非常精细的手术。
This was a complicated and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
这 是 一 个 复杂 和 同时 非常 微妙 的 操作 。
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate task.
这 是 一 项 巨大 的 、 同时 也 非常 微妙 的 任务 。
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米, 重约6000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 5 %.
由于高管长222米, 重量约为6000吨,不得不拉高一个大约5%的梯度.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs about 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米, 重约6000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 6 %.
由于高管长222米, 重约6000吨,不得不拉高一个大约6%的梯度.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs around 6, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米,重量约为6000吨,并且必须拉高一个大约3%的梯度。
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 2, 000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3 %.
由于高管长222米, 重量约为2000吨,不得不拉高一个大约3%的梯度.
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny-just a few millimetres either way.
精细,因为团队工作的公差很小,只是几毫米左右。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny-only a few millimetres either way.
因为团队工作时的公差很小,无论哪一种都只有几毫米。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny-just a few millimetres each way.
精细,因为团队工作的公差很小-只是几毫米每一方。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were small-just a few millimetres either way.
精细,因为团队的工作公差很小,只是几毫米左右。
Delicate because the tolerances the team was working to were tiny-just a few millimetres either way.
精细,因为团队的工作公差很小,只是几毫米左右。
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny-just a few millimetres one way.
因为团队工作时的公差很小,单程只几毫米。
Happily, it all went very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展顺利。
Happily, it all went rather well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展得相当顺利。
Happily, it all went so well.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展顺利。
Happily, this all went very well.
令人高兴的是,这一切进展顺利。
Happily, it all goes very well.
令人高兴的是,一切都很顺利。
Happily, it all went very smoothly.
令人高兴的是,一切都进展得很顺利。
Simone Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯在女子体操中指着金子
Simone Biles nails all-around silver in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比勒斯在女子体操中指着全方位的银
Simone Stiles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·斯蒂尔斯在女子体操中指着金子
Simone Wiles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·威尔斯(Simone Wiles)在女子体操中指向全方位的金牌
Simone Biles won all-around gold in women's gymnastics
西蒙娜·比莱斯在女子体操中获得了全方位的金牌
Simone Biles nails all-around champion in women's gymnastics
Simone Biles在女子体操比赛中指向全能冠军
Forget the pressure.
忘记压力吧。
Forget peer pressure.
忘记同伴压力。
Release the pressure.
释放压力。
And the pressure.
还有压力。
Feel the pressure.
感受压力。
Forget the hype.
忘掉那喧嚣吧。
And the hype.
还有大肆宣传。
Hence the hype.
因此,大肆宣传。
All the hype.
所有的炒作。
Simone Biles is immune to all of it.
西蒙娜·比勒斯对这一切免疫力很强.
Simone Stiles is immune to all of it.
西蒙娜·斯蒂尔斯对这一切免疫力很强.
Simone Wiles is immune to all of it.
西蒙娜·威利斯对这一切免疫力很强.
Miss Biles is immune to all of it.
比利丝小姐对这一切无动于衷.
But Biles is immune to all of it.
但比勒斯对这一切都是免疫的。
Simone Biles is immune to most of it.
西蒙娜·比勒斯对其中的大多数免疫力很强.
Dynamic on vault.
动力在拱顶上.
Dynamite on vault.
弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧弹簧.
Jaw-dropping on floor.
倒在地上。
Jaws-dropping on floor.
倒在地上。
Jaw-dropping to floor.
摔倒在地上。
Jaw-lock on floor.
地板上是Jaw-lock。
And now, finally, an Olympic champion.
现在, 终于, 一名奥运冠军了.
And finally, finally, an Olympic champion.
最后, 最终, 一位奥运冠军.
And then, finally, an Olympic champion.
然后,最后,一位奥运冠军。
And now, finally, the Olympic champion.
现在, 终于, 奥运会冠军了.
And now, finally, an international champion.
现在, 终于, 一个国际冠军.
And now, finally, an Olympic medal.
现在, 终于, 一枚奥运奖牌.
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
周四,这位19岁的美国体操运动员夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 18-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
18岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 17-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
17岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 16-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
16岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 15-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
15岁的美国体操运动员周四夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Friday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
19岁的美国体操运动员周五夺冠,在奥运的聚光灯下,把自己和世界其他国家之间的差距展现得淋漓尽致。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员艾莉·雷斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her mark of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她的62.198的成绩与银牌得主和“五决赛”队友莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜完全相同。
Her time of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她的62. 198岁那年,与银牌得主和“五决赛”队友莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜毫无瓜葛。
Her score of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
她的62.198分是银牌得主和“五决赛”队友莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Natalya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队员艾莉·莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主纳塔莉娅·穆斯塔菲娜。
Her total of 62. 198 was well clear of silver medalist and " Final Five " teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Mariya Mustafina.
她共有62.198名银牌得主和“五决赛”队友莱斯曼和俄罗斯铜牌得主玛利亚·穆斯塔菲娜。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam at the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上,美国Simone Biles在艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中以平衡的光束表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam in the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
美国西蒙·比勒斯(Simone Biles)周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上,在艺术体操女子个人全能决赛中以平衡的光束表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the rhythmic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会节奏体操女子个人全能决赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's artistic all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上,美国Simone Biles在女子体操艺术全能决赛中以平衡的光束表演。
United States'Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around competition at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
周四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会艺术体操女子个人全面比赛中,美国西蒙·比勒斯在平衡梁上表演。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
碧蕾斯成为第四位获得全能冠军的美国直线女性,也成为第五位整体冠军,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
Biles became the third straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
比莱斯成为美国第三名获得全能冠军的直线女性,也成为第五位女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人最好的甚至有史以来最好的名声。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and sixth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
碧蕾斯成为美国第四位获得全能冠军和第六位的直线女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人最好的甚至有史以来最好的名声。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fourth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
碧蕾斯成为第四位获得全能冠军和第四大全能冠军的美国直线女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
Biles became the second straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
Biles成为美国第二位获得全能冠军的直线女性,也成为第五位女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and third overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
碧蕾斯成为第四位获得全能冠军和第三大全能冠军的美国直线女性,同时巩固了她作为她这一代人中最好的甚至有史以来最好的女性的声誉。
She burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的总数被公布后,她突然哭了起来,她的长途跋涉也结束了。
She broke into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的总数被公布后,她伤心地哭了起来,她的长途跋涉也结束了。
She burst into tears as her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的总数被公布,她的长途跋涉结束的时候,她爆发出眼泪。
She burst into tears when her final total was posted and the long journey to this moment ended.
当她最后的总数被公布后,她突然哭了起来,这段漫长的旅程就这样结束了。
She burst into tears when the final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
当最后的总数公布后,她泪流满面,漫长的旅途就此结束。
She burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment finished.
当她最后的总数被公布后,她突然哭了起来,她的长途跋涉也结束了。
The achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提升到了新的高度。
This achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提升到了新的高度。
That achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提升到了新的高度。
Her achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提高到新的高度。
The award puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人中只有一次的运动员将自己的运动提升到了新的高度。
The achievement places her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights :
菲尔普斯(Michael Phelps)等一代人一度的运动员将自己的运动提升到新的高度。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Reaves called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouReaves称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Reiss called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动项目,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouReiss称其为“我所见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Reitz called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLou Reitz称其为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1988 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles主宰了自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1988年奥运会冠军MaryLouRetton称她为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals-including 10 gold-with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Resch called her " the greatest gymnast I've ever seen. "
在过去的三年里,Biles一直主宰着自己的运动,赢得了15枚世界冠军奖牌,其中包括10枚金牌,其雄心壮志和精准的组合令人惊讶,1984年奥运会冠军MaryLouResch称其为“我见过的最伟大的体操运动员”。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如 说 是 她 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞争 。
One final test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验 中, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如 说 是 她 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞争 。
One more test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在巴西,又有一个考验,比勒斯和战场上的其他人之间没有多大的争吵,而是她自己和超大期望的负担之间没有多大的争吵。
A last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如 说 是 她 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞争 。
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field as between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如说是 自己 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞争 。
The last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
在 巴西 等待 的 最后 一 次 考验, 比勒斯 和 战场 的 其他 部分 之间 的 竞争 与其说是 比勒斯, 不如 说 是 她 和 期望 过高 的 负担 之间 的 竞争 。
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到在得克萨斯州斯普林的家里,任何事情都会让人失望。
Anything other than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
除了带着一拳金子回到她家在德州斯普林的家之外,任何其它事情都会让人失望。
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds could be seen as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到她家位于德州斯普林的家里,任何事情都可能会让人失望。
Anything less than heading back to my family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到我们家位于德州斯普林的家,任何事情都会让人失望。
Anything less than heading back to his family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到他家位于得克萨斯州斯普林的家里,任何事情都会让人失望。
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be viewed as a disappointment.
不带着一拳金子回到在得克萨斯州春的家里,任何事情都被视为失望。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日星期四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and bronze respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)分别以金牌和铜牌赢得了2016年巴西里约热内卢夏季奥运会女子体操个人全能决赛。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Friday, Aug.
美国的西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日星期五在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Tuesday, Aug.
美国西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日(星期二)在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Shelly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和谢莉·莱斯曼(Shelly Raisman)在8月8日(星期四)在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人的全能决赛金牌和银牌。
United States'Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning bronze and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
美国的西蒙·比莱斯(Simone Biles)和艾莉·莱斯曼(Aly Raisman)在8月8日星期四在巴西里约热内卢举行的2016年夏季奥运会上分别赢得了女子体操个人全能决赛铜牌和银牌。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,同时作为国家队协调员Martha Karolyi离队的感叹号。
Stiles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
斯提尔斯周二赢得了首发,同时作为退休国家队协调员玛莎·卡罗利的离队派对的感叹点。
Biles received the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles接到了第一个通知,同时作为即将退休的国家工作队协调员Martha Karolyi的离任派对的感叹点。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to former national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一个,同时作为前国家小组协调员Martha Karolyi离队的感叹点。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday by serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一场比赛,因为Biles是即将退休的国家工作队协调员Martha Karolyi的离别派对的感叹点。
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to US national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
星期二,Biles赢得了第一个,同时作为美国国家队协调员玛莎卡罗利(Martha Karolyi)离队的感叹点。
While Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
尽管Biles坚持说,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,但事实并非如此。
While Wiles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
尽管威尔斯坚称她从没有在她长期的顶端向前看,但事实并非如此。
While Stiles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
虽然斯提尔斯坚称,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,但事实并非如此。
Although Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
尽管Biles坚持说,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,但事实并非如此。
Though Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
尽管Biles坚持说,在她长期跑向顶部时,她从未向前看,但事实并非如此。
While Biles insisted she's never looked ahead in her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
尽管Biles坚称她从长远来看从未向上看,但事实并非如此。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——被设置为拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
One portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习程序的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——是拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
A section of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
在她的地板练习中,有一部分是拉丁音乐,这种音乐适合在里约奥运场外的街道上演奏。
A part of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——是拉丁音乐,适合在位于里约奥运场外的街道上。
A portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home on the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她的地板练习的一部分——包括她签名的传唱——被设置为拉丁音乐,正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
Her portion of her floor exercise routine-the one that includes her signature tumbling pass-is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
她那部分在地板上练习的舞蹈——包括她签名的低音传唱——被设置在拉丁音乐中,这首歌曲正好适合在里约奥运场外的街道上。
It's not a coincidence.
这不是巧合。
That's not a coincidence.
这不是巧合。
It's just a coincidence.
这只是个巧合。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被她祖父母收养为孩子,被教练AimeeBoorman的母亲在一次田野旅行中发现,在Boorman指导的体育馆里,她已成为了一支力量。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother on a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被外公收养为孩子,被教练AimeeBoorman的母亲发现,在一次田野旅行中,她被Boorman指导了体育馆,这已经成为一种力量了。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and found by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被她祖父母收养为孩子,被教练AimeeBoorman的母亲在去健身房的田野旅行中发现,在Boorman的辅导下,她成为了一支力量。
A girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
一位被外祖父母收养并被教练AimeeBoorman的母亲在一次体育馆野外旅行中发现的小女孩,在Boorman的辅导下成为了一支力量。
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by Coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被她祖父母收养为孩子,教练AimeeBoorman的母亲在去健身房的田野旅行中发现,博尔曼在那里当教练,这已经成为一种力量了。
The girl adopted by her grandmother as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
这个女孩被她祖母收养为孩子,被教练Aimee Boorman的母亲在去健身房的田野旅行中发现,在Boorman的辅导下,女孩已成为了一支力量。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Stiles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,只要斯提尔斯希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Riles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,只要雷尔斯愿意,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Wiles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,这场竞争应该持续到威尔斯希望的那样长的时间。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2008, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2008年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,只要Biles希望,这场竞争就应该持续多久。
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a losing streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
自2013年夏季以来,她还没有失去一场全面竞争,这场竞争应该持续到比勒斯希望的时期。
Though Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
尽管穆斯塔菲娜在两次轮换中领先了一小部分人, 但这只是一种幻觉.
Though Serafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
尽管塞拉菲娜在两次轮换中领先了一小部分人, 但却是个海市蜃楼.
Though Mustafina took a small lead through three rotations, it was a mirage.
尽管穆斯塔菲娜在三轮转中以一小步领先, 但它却是海市蜃楼.
As Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
穆斯塔菲娜在两次轮换中以一小步领先,这简直是海市蜃楼。
When Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
当穆斯塔菲娜在两次轮换中以一小步领先时, 简直是海市蜃楼.
While Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
穆斯塔菲娜在两次轮换中以一小步领先,这简直是海市蜃楼。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯卫冕世界冠军的地方,等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Stiles is the defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡梁和地板运动-在那里, Stiles是卫冕世界冠军-在等待。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Wiles is the defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板运动——威尔斯是卫冕世界冠军的地方——等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles was the defending world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯卫冕世界冠军的地方,等待着。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the defending world champion-lie in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯是卫冕世界冠军的地方——谎言在等待。
Balance beam and floor exercise-where Biles is the reigning world champion-lay in wait.
平衡的光束和地板的操练——在比勒斯是世界冠军的地方,等待着。
She went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她带着15.433的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上15.933的光束。
She went back in front with a 15. 432 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她带着15,432的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上15,933的光束。
She was back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她回到前面,拿着15. 433的光束,在地板上盖上15. 933的光束。
She came back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她带着15.433的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上15.933的光束。
She went back in front with a 15. 433 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 934 on floor.
她带着15.433的光束回到前面,然后在地板上盖上15.934的光束。
She went back in front with a 15. 434 on beam-and capped it with a 15. 933 on floor.
她带着15.434的光束回到了前面,然后在地板上盖上15.933的光束。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼在等待最后的评分时温和地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当Biles闪烁的红、白和蓝眼线时,她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实,泪水涌现。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Wiles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼温柔地拥抱着她,等待最后的评分——只是一种形式——当威尔斯闪烁的红、白和蓝色眼线时,她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的想象变成现实。
Huntsman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
亨特斯曼温和地拥抱着她,等待最后的成绩——只是一种形式——当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,Biles闪烁着的红、白和蓝眼睛线周围出现了泪水。
Raisman hugged her gently while they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼在等待最后的评分时温和地拥抱着她——只是一种形式——当Biles闪烁的红、白和蓝眼线时,她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实,泪水涌上心头。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Stiles'glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼温柔地拥抱着她,等待最后的评分——只是一种形式——当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,斯提尔斯闪闪发光的红、白、蓝眼睛线周围都出现了泪水。
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score-a mere formality-and tears appeared around Biles'glittery green, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
瑞斯曼在等待最后的评分时温柔地拥抱着她——仅仅是一种形式——当她曾经在剪贴簿里写下的愿景变成现实时,Biles闪烁着的绿色、白色和蓝色眼线的泪水涌现。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from three years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
瑞斯曼的表演从三年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from two years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演有点报复了两年前,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜的铜牌。
Osman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
奥斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打进第三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜的铜牌。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina in a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打了三局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜。
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for second but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
莱斯曼的表演从四年前开始有点报复,当时她打第二局,但输给了穆斯塔菲娜的铜牌。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,这位22岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
This year, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
今年,22岁的美国队队长“外婆”非常先发制人。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " mama " was well ahead.
这一次,22岁的美国队队长叫“妈妈”,很前面。
This time, a 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was well ahead.
这一次,一位22岁的队长被美国人称为“外婆”。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " was still ahead.
这一次,22岁的美国队队长“外婆”仍然领先。
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call " grandma " is well ahead.
这一次,22岁的美国队队长叫“奶奶”,很前面。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的又回来的曲折打倒了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times looked in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了吻,被一次有时会让人怀疑的又回来击败了。
She blew kisses to the crowd during her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
她在地板运动时向人群吹了吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的又回来击败了。
She blew kisses to the crowd before her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在她的地板运动之前,她向人群吹了吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的又回来击败了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times appeared in doubt.
在她做地板运动之后,她向人群吹了几声吻,被偶尔出现怀疑的反弹打倒了。
She blew kisses to the crowd after the floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
在地板运动之后,她向人群吹了吻,被偶尔会让人怀疑的又回来击败了。
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
As for Biles, the 17-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
至于Biles,17岁的Biles本周早些时候发来的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意思:
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week suddenly carries a whole new meaning :
至于Biles,本周早些时候,这位19岁的病毒性推特突然产生了全新的意思:
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now has a whole new meaning :
对于Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
As for Stiles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
至于斯蒂尔斯,这位19岁的病毒性推特从本周早些时候开始,现在有了一个全新的意义:
Unfortunately for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning :
不幸的是,对Biles来说,19岁的Biles本周早些时候的病毒性推特现在有了一个全新的意义:
Mahaj Brown, 6, " riddled with bullets, " survives Philadelphia shooting
马哈吉·布朗,6岁,“满是子弹”,在费城的枪战中幸存下来
Deshaj Brown, 6, " riddled with bullets, " survives Philadelphia shooting
德沙·布朗,6岁,“满是子弹”,在费城的枪战中幸存下来
Shaj Brown, 6, " riddled with bullets, " survives Philadelphia shooting
6岁的ShajBrown“被子弹打得满满的”,在费城的枪战中幸存下来
Maharaj Brown, 6, " riddled with bullets, " survives Philadelphia shooting
6岁的MaharajBrown“被子弹打得满满的”,在费城的枪战中幸存下来
Mahaj Brown, 24, " riddled with bullets, " survives Philadelphia shooting
24岁的马哈吉·布朗“被子弹打得满满的”,在费城的枪战中幸存下来
Mahaj Brown, 6, " riddled with bullets, " survives the shooting
6岁的MahajBrown在枪击中幸免于难。
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
Police said a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
Police believe a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方认为,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the third shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市一名6岁男童第三次被枪杀。
Police say a six-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
警方说,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
Police report a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
据警方报道,费城一名6岁男童被枪杀,这标志着本周该市发生第二次6岁男童被枪杀事件。
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的外祖父母称他为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的Mahaj Brown。
The boy's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
男孩的外祖父母称他为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的Mahaj Brown。
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Deshaj Brown.
那孩子的祖父母把他确定为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的Deshaj Brown。
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Shaj Brown.
这孩子的祖父母把他确定为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的Shaj Brown。
The child's parents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
那孩子的父母把他确定为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的马哈吉·布朗。
The child's grandparents identified her to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
这孩子的祖父母把她确定为费城哥伦比亚广播公司的马哈吉·布朗。
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,布朗在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位遭受多处枪伤,但在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his chest, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,布朗多处枪伤,包括胸部、腿部、手臂和腹部,但在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his back, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,Brown在背部、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位受到多处枪伤,但是在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandparents say Brown sustained multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,布朗在腹股沟、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位多次受枪伤,但被送往医院时醒了。
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his shoulder, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,Brown在肩、腿、胳膊和腹部等部位多次受枪伤,但是在被送往医院时,他醒了。
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his head, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
祖父母说,Brown在头部、腿部、手臂和腹部等部位多次受枪伤,但在被送往医院时,他醒了。
" He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯的祖母对车站说:“他拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" It just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
他祖母德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说:“这花了不少时间,他那小身子上充斥着子弹。”
" He really took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
他奶奶德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说:“他真的吃了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " her grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
她的祖母德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说:“他刚拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Menendez tells the station.
德洛丽丝·梅内德斯的祖母对车站说:“他拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹。”
" He just took a lot, his little body is riddled with bullets, " his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
“他拿了很多,他那小身子上满是子弹,”他祖母德洛丽丝·梅伦德斯对车站说。
I just can't believe it.
我简直不敢相信。
I still can't believe it.
我仍然不相信。
I just can't believe this.
我简直不敢相信。
I just couldn't believe it.
我简直不敢相信。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病情危急,已经接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone numerous surgeries.
这名男孩在医院中被列为危重病人,并经历了多次外科手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition in a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院中被列为危重病人,并接受了数次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone three surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病危,接受了三次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has had several surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病情危急,并已做过几次手术。
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone two surgeries.
这名男孩在医院病危,接受了两次手术。
Family tells the station he is expected to recover.
家人告诉车站,他有望康复.
Family tells the station she is expected to recover.
家人告诉车站,她有望康复.
Family informs the station he is expected to recover.
家人通知车站,他有望康复.
He tells the station he is expected to recover.
他告诉车站,他有望康复.
Family told the station he is expected to recover.
家人告诉车站,他有望康复。
Family tells the station he is unable to recover.
家人告诉车站他无法康复.
He was set to start first grade at a local elementary school.
他准备在当地一所小学读一年级.
He was set to start first grade in a local elementary school.
他准备在当地一所小学读一年级.
He was set to start second grade at a local elementary school.
他准备在当地一所小学上二年级.
He was set to start third grade at a local elementary school.
他准备在当地一所小学开始三年级.
She was set to start first grade at a local elementary school.
她准备在当地一所小学读一年级.
He was set to start fifth grade at a local elementary school.
他准备在当地一所小学读五年级.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
布朗是德国城区四人中被射杀的其中之一。
Brown was among four men shot in the Germantown section.
布朗是在德国城区被枪杀的四人之一。
He was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
他是在德国城区被枪杀的四人之一。
She was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
她是在德国城区被枪杀的四人之一。
Brown was among four soldiers shot in the Germantown section.
布朗是德国城区四名士兵中被射杀的士兵之一.
Brown was among four Americans shot in the Germantown section.
布朗是四个在德国城区被射杀的美国人之一。
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人32岁。
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 26-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人26岁。
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 28-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人28岁。
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 25-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人25岁。
Also shot were three men : two 29-year-olds and one 24-year old.
3人被枪杀,其中2人29岁,1人24岁。
Also shot were three women : two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
3名妇女也遭到枪击,其中2人29岁,1人32岁。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,其中一名29岁的男子处于危难状态;另外两名受害者处于稳定状态。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other two victims are listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,其中一名29岁的男性处于危难状态;另外两名受害者状况稳定。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the remaining two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据CBS费城报道,29岁的男性中有一名处于危难状态,其余两名受害者处于稳定状态。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other three victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,这名29岁的男子中有一名处于危难状态,其他三名受害者则处于稳定状态。
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition ; the other four victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚广播公司报道,这名29岁的男子中有一名病危,其他4名受害者病情稳定。
One of the 29-year-old men was listed in critical condition ; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
据费城哥伦比亚统计局(CBS Federia)的统计,29岁的男性中有一位病危,其他两名受害者病危。
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名孩子被发现与29岁的男孩一起在汽车前座被击中,伤势严重。
The woman was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名妇女被发现在汽车前座被射中,这名29岁的女子身患重症。
The man was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名男子被发现与29岁的男子一起在汽车前座被击中,伤势严重。
The victim was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,受害者被发现在汽车前座被射中,这名29岁的人身体状况危急。
The child is found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名孩子被发现在汽车前座被射中,这名29岁的孩子身体状况危急。
The child was found shot in the back seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
据电视台报道,这名孩子被发现在汽车后座被射中,这名29岁的孩子身患重症。
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
另外两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men might be a shooter.
另外两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men may be a shooter.
另外两名受害者不在车内,警察正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The other three victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其他三名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The other two victims were not in the vehicle and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
其他两名受害者未在车内,警察正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
The other two victims are not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
另外两名受害者不在车内,警方正在调查是否有伤者可能是枪手。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it seems there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells ABC Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉美国广播公司费城,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigator tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells NBC Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉美国国家广播公司费城,似乎有多个枪手交火。
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was gunfire between multiple gunmen.
调查人员告诉费城哥伦比亚广播公司,看来枪手之间有枪声。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击性武器式外壳,可追溯到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault rifle-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击步枪式的外壳,追踪到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Multiple weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
多个武器式外壳,追踪到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style bullet casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击式武器式的子弹外壳,追踪到不同的攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to various assault style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击式武器弹壳,追踪各种攻击式武器,丢弃了现场。
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different military style weapons, littered the scene.
攻击式武器弹壳,追踪到不同的军用武器风格,丢弃了现场。
It appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来,这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
It appeared that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来,这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
It seemed that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
It meant that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
这意味着这绝对是一场持续不断的战斗。
It appears that it was definitely an ongoing battle.
看来,这无疑是一场持续不断的战斗。
It appears that this was indeed an ongoing battle.
看来,这确实是一场持续不断的战斗。
There were casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁都有套管。
There were casings on the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
街上人行道两旁都有套管。
There were casings in the street, along both sides of the sidewalk.
在街道上,人行道两侧都有套管。
There were casings along the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
街道两旁的人行道上都有套管。
There were casings across the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
在人行道两侧,街对面有套管。
There are casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
在街道上,人行道两侧都有套管。
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的安东尼·基纳尔迪上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Joseph Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方队长约瑟夫·基纳尔迪告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain John Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方队长约翰·基纳尔迪对警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants around here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的安东尼·基纳尔迪上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里似乎有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
So it appears that there were several armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的Anthony Ginaldi上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有几名武装战斗人员,他们正在积极参战。”
So it seems that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged, " Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
费城警方的安东尼·基纳尔迪上尉告诉警察局说:“看来,这里有多个武装战斗人员,他们都在积极参战。”
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该地区的多所房屋和车辆也遭到袭击。
Multiple buildings and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该 地区 的 许多 建筑物 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
Multiple homes and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该 地区 的 许多 房屋 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
Numerous houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该 地区 的 许多 房屋 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
Several houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该 地区 的 几 所 房屋 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
Some houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
该 地区 的 一些 房屋 和 车辆 也 遭到 攻击 。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
据报没有逮捕任何人,警察正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made but police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
没有逮捕任何人,但据报告,警察正在审查监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly taking surveillance video.
据报,没有逮捕任何人,警察正在拍摄监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly watching surveillance video.
据报没有逮捕任何人,警察正在观看监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly monitoring surveillance video.
据报没有逮捕任何人,警察正在监视录像。
No arrests have been made and police were reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
据报没有逮捕任何人,警察正在审查监视录像。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 12-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,一名12岁的女孩在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the South Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在南橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the North Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在北橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名6岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another four-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名四岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
Another six-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
周二,在西橡树巷附近的家门口玩耍时,另一名六岁女孩被流弹击中胳膊。
She is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在搜寻嫌疑犯。
He is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.
他正在康复, 警方仍在搜捕嫌疑犯.
She is recovering, and police are still looking for a suspect.
她正在康复,警察仍在寻找嫌疑犯。
She is recovering, and police are actively searching for a suspect.
她正在康复, 警方正在积极搜捕嫌疑犯.
She is recovering, and police are now searching for a suspect.
她正在康复, 警方正在搜捕嫌疑犯.
She is recovering, and detectives are still searching for a suspect.
她正在康复,侦探还在搜寻嫌疑犯。
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么我们需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
Why I need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么我需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
Why you need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie?
Why they need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
为什么他们需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
So we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
所以我们需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
And we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
我们需要Simone、Gabby和Laurie
That's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这也是我所谓的今年女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
It's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这也是我所谓的今年女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
That's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastic Team and for more reasons than one.
这也是我所谓的今年女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
That's what I call this year's Men's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这也是我所谓的今年男子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
That's what we call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这就是我们今年所谓的女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
That's what they call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
这就是她们今年所谓的女子奥运体操队,原因不止一个。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1984年起参加过历届夏季奥运会,而美国从未如此地占据主导地位。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 but the USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1984年起参加过每届夏季奥运会,但美国从未如此占据主导地位。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1988 and the USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1988年起参加过历届夏季奥运会,美国也从来没有这样过。
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1980 and the USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1980年起就参加过历届夏季奥运会,美国也从未如此地占据主导地位。
First, I have been to every Winter Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
首先,我从1984年起就参加过每一次冬季奥运会,而美国从未如此地占据主导地位。
Well, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
嗯,自从1984年以来,我参加过每一个夏季奥运会,而美国从未如此地占据主导地位。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这个小组有三名体操运动员,SimoneBiles,GabbyDouglas和Lauren“Laurie”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多年轻的有色女孩。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Geri Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支球队有三名体操运动员,SimoneBiles、GeriDouglas和Lauren“Laurie”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多有色女孩。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Giselle Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这个小组有三名体操运动员,SimoneBiles,GiselleDouglas和Lauren“劳里”Hernandez,她们一直激励着这么多年轻的有色女孩。
And second : This team features three gymnasts, Simone Brice, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支球队有三名体操运动员,SimoneBrice、GabbyDouglas和Lauren“Laurie”Hernandez。
And second : This team features 3 gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这个小组有3个体操运动员,SimoneBiles,GabbyDouglas和Lauren“劳里”Hernnandez,她们一直激励着这么多年轻的有色女孩。
And second : This team includes three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren " Laurie " Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
第二:这支球队包括三名体操运动员SimoneBiles、GabbyDouglas和Lauren“劳里”Hernnedez。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔Aly Raisman和天主教徒Madison Kocian击败了这支队伍。
The line-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔Aly Raisman和天主教徒Madison Kocian击败了这支队伍,这使每个人都感到自豪。
The make-up of this team, rounded out with Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
这支队伍的构成与犹太裔阿里·雷斯曼和天主教徒麦迪逊·科西安的组合在一起,让每个人都感到自豪。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Mindy Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔明迪·雷斯曼和天主教徒麦迪逊·科西安击败了这支队伍。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Bacian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔Aly Raisman和天主教徒麦迪逊·巴希安击败了这支队伍。
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Zoey Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
犹太裔的Zoey Raisman和天主教的Madison Kocian击败了这支队伍。
This team looks, finally, like America.
最后,这支球队看起来像美国。
The team looks, finally, like America.
最后,这支球队看起来像美国。
This country looks, finally, like America.
最后,这个国家看起来像美国。
This world looks, finally, like America.
最后,这个世界看上去像美国。
Our team looks, finally, like America.
我们的团队最终看起来像美国。
My team looks, finally, like America.
最后,我的团队看上去像美国。
It also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动顶端的存在。
It also has solidified the black and Latina female presence on the top of this sport.
它也凝聚了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的顶端。
This also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
这也巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动顶端的存在。
It also has solidified the black and Latina female dominance at the top of this sport.
它还巩固了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动顶端的优势地位。
It also has solidified a black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还凝聚了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动的顶端。
It also has solidified the Black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
它还凝聚了黑人和拉丁裔女性在这项运动中的最高地位。
For the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,女体操运动员中排名第一的是非裔美国人。
Over the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,女体操运动员中排名第一的是非裔美国人。
In the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,女体操运动员中排名第一的是非裔美国人。
For the last four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去四年里,女体操运动员中排名第一的是非裔美国人。
For the past 30 years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
在过去的30年里,女体操运动员中排名第一的是非裔美国人。
For the past four years, the number one ranked gymnast has been African-American.
在过去的四年里,排在体操运动员首位的是非裔美国人。
Last year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
去年, 西蒙娜和加比被评为1号和2号.
Last week, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
上星期, 西蒙娜和加比是 # 1 和 # 2.
Last season, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
上个赛季, 西蒙娜和加比是 # 1 和 # 2.
This year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
今年, Simone和Gabby是 # 1 和 # 2.
That year, Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2.
那年, 西蒙娜和加比是1号和2号.
Last year, Simone and Gabby ranked # 1 and # 2.
去年,Simone和Gabby名列第一和第二。
This is powerful.
这很有势力。
This was powerful.
这很有势力。
It is powerful.
它是强大的。
She is powerful.
她很有势力。
He is powerful.
他很有势力。
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
上届奥运会上, 道格拉斯是一位令人惊讶的奥运冠军, 美国也为此欢呼.
Last year, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
去年,加比·道格拉斯出乎意料地成为了奥运冠军,美国为此欢呼雀跃。
Last week, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
上周,加比·道格拉斯出乎意料地成为了奥运冠军,美国为此欢呼雀跃。
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas became a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
上届奥运会上, 道格拉斯成为令人惊讶的奥运冠军, 美国欢呼起来.
Last night, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
昨晚,加比·道格拉斯出乎意料地成为了奥运冠军,美国也为之欢呼。
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was the surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
上届奥运会, 道格拉斯是令人惊讶的奥运冠军, 美国欢呼起来.
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of four-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了四次的世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料的、但又精湛的体操。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of five-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了五次的世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of two-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了两次世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的令人难以置信的表演。
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of 3-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了3次的世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·埃尔南德斯的令人难以置信的表演,他们演奏了出人意料但又精湛的体操。
Now the world has been able to witness the amazing performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
现在,世界已经见证了三次的世界冠军西蒙娜·比莱斯、道格拉斯和劳里·赫南德斯的精彩表演,他们表演了出人意料的、但又精湛的体操。
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周四,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On Thursday, Simone became the fifth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周四,Simone成为第五位在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的美国选手。
On Saturday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
星期六,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
On Thursday, Simone became the third straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周四,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第三名美国选手。
On Thursday, Simone became the second straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
周四,Simone成为在女子个人全方位赛中赢得金牌的第二名美国选手。
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around competition.
周四,Simone成为在女子个人全面竞争中赢得金牌的第四名美国选手。
And teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
队友阿里·雷斯曼赢得了银牌。
And teammate Aly Raisman won silver.
队友阿里·雷斯曼赢得了银牌。
And teammate Dany Raisman earned silver.
队友丹尼·雷斯曼赢得了银牌。
His teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
他的队友赖斯曼赢得了银牌.
Her teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
她的队友赖斯曼赢得了银牌.
And teammate Aly Raisman took silver.
队友阿里·雷斯曼拿了银牌。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但它不像在全国性的体操课上。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes throughout the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但在全国体操课上却不是这样。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes around the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但在全国体操课上却不是这样。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this in gymnastics classes across the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但是在全国性的体操课上却不是这样。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not appear like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但在全国体操课上却并不是这样。
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the nation.
我们目睹了这项运动的顶端,但它不像全国的体操课程。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都走上了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的道路,组成了奥林匹克队。
Simone, Giselle and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、吉塞尔和劳里都选择了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的途径组成奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gigi and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、吉吉和劳里都走上了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的道路,组成了奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Missy and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里都和米西和麦迪逊走同样的路来组成奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gabby and Laurie also took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜、加比和劳里也选择了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的途径组成奥林匹克队。
Simone, Gia and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
西蒙娜 、 贾和劳里都走上了与阿里和麦迪逊相同的道路,组成了奥林匹克队.
They are the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They are the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have five gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有5名体操运动员,这是玛塔·卡罗利去年的教练。
They are the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team would only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They are the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have 5 gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有5名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They are the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics squad will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决赛五人”,因为下一个奥运体操队只有四名体操运动员,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
They are the " Final Five " because the next Olympic gymnastics competition will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
他们是“决五”,因为下一届奥运会体操比赛将只有4名体操运动员参加,这是玛塔卡罗利去年的教练。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练费用由支付培训、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用的父母(教练及其体操运动员及其家庭的费用)维持,而且名单还在继续。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the costs of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,由家长负责支付训练、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用(教练、体操运动员及其家庭的费用)。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of their training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,这些操练是由父母维持的,他们支付培训、设施、旅行、校服、竞赛费、酒店费用(教练、体操运动员及其家庭的费用)。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train at private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的体操,由家长操练,培训、设施、旅行、校服、比赛费、酒店费用(教练、体操运动员及其家庭的费用)等费用。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs which are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,由家长维持,他们支付训练、设施、旅行、校服、比赛费、酒店费用(教练、体操运动员及其家庭的费用)。
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, club fees, hotel fees ( for the coaches and their gymnasts and families ) and the list goes on.
但实际情况是体操是一项昂贵的运动,体操主要是私人体操俱乐部的训练,由家长负责支付训练、设施、旅行、校服、俱乐部费用、酒店费用(教练、体操运动员及其家庭的费用)。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部大多数位于富裕的郊区,可以支持企业。
Many of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部中有许多位于城市郊区的富裕社区,可以支持这项业务。
Some of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部中有一些位于富裕的郊区,可以支持企业。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods which can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部大多数位于富裕的郊区,可以支持企业。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in wealthy suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部大多位于能支持企业的富裕的郊区社区。
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods and can support the business.
这些体操俱乐部大多数都位于富裕的郊区,可以支持企业。
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员获得所有训练的地方,这是对体操运动员家庭的一个代价高昂的长期承诺。
These schools are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些学校是体操运动员接受所有训练的地方,这也是体操运动员家庭的一项代价高昂的长期承诺。
These camps are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些营地是体操运动员接受所有训练的地方,这也是体操运动员家庭的一项代价高昂的长期承诺。
The clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
健身房是体操运动员接受所有训练的地方,对体操运动员的家庭来说,这是一项代价高昂的长期承诺。
These clubs are where the gymnasts receive all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员接受所有训练的地方,对体操运动员的家庭来说,这是一项代价高昂的长期承诺。
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-time commitment for the gymnasts'families.
这些俱乐部是体操运动员接受所有训练的地方,这也是体操运动员家庭花费昂贵和长时间的奉献。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
伯曼(Aimee Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的主教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Hanley, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
伯曼(Aimee Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的主教练玛吉·汉利(Maggie Hanley)自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aileen Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
伯曼(Aileen Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的主教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney),自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Hanlon, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
西蒙娜·比莱斯(Simone Biles)的教练Aimee Boorman和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的教练Maggie Hanlon,自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Hannon, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
伯曼(Aimee Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的主教练玛吉·汉农(Maggie Hannon),自他们开始体操以来,都指导了他们的运动员。
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they began in gymnastics.
伯曼(Aimee Boorman)和劳里·埃尔南德斯(Laurie Hernandez)的主教练玛吉·哈尼(Maggie Haney)自他们开始体操以来一直在指导运动员。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
我们必须为无数受Simone、Gabby和Laurie激励的年轻女子社区提供更廉价、更方便的体操培训。
We will bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
我们将为无数受Simone、Gabby和Laurie激励的年轻女子社区提供更廉价、更方便的体操培训。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls that are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
我们必须在西蒙娜、加比和劳里的启发下,为无数年轻女孩的社区提供更廉价、更方便的体操培训。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training into the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
我们必须在西蒙娜、加比和劳里所启发的无数年轻女子社区中提供更廉价、更方便的体操训练。
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gigi and Laurie.
我们必须为无数受Simone、Gigi和Laurie激励的年轻女子社区提供更廉价、更方便的体操培训。
We also bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
我们还为无数受Simone、Gabby和Laurie启发的年轻女子社区提供更廉价、更方便的体操培训。
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
20年前,我创建了体操基础.
I started my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
我20年前就开始了体操基础。
I founded my gymnastics foundation many years ago.
多年前,我创建了我的体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics foundation twenty years ago.
20年前,我创建了体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics foundation ten years ago.
十年前,我创建了我的体操基础.
I founded my gymnastics foundation two years ago.
两年前,我创建了体操基础.
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At our organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我们的组织里,我们为15,000多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for nearly 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为近15000名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 100, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为10万多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for some 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为约15 000名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的低成本免费体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-budget gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15, 000 urban youth ( primarily black and Hispanic ) and have trained national and international champions.
在我的组织里,我们为1万5千多名城市青年(主要是黑人和拉丁裔青年)提供了设在哈莱姆的免费和低预算体操,并培训了本国和国际的冠军。
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
Next September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
明年九月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
This September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年九月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为青年提供高质量的体操,他们理应有机会学习和受益于这次伟大的奥林匹克运动会。
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the chance to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics for the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit ( my hometown ) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
今年9月,我们将扩展至底特律 ( 我的家乡 ),为那些应该有机会学习和受益于这一伟大奥林匹克运动的年轻人提供高质量的体操.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、灵活性和协调性。
Gymnastics develops power, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、灵活性和协调性。
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and balance for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、灵活性和平衡性。
Gymnastics develops strength, endurance and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展力量、耐力和协调力。
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, concentration and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、注意力集中和决心的确定发展力量、灵活性和协调性。
Gymnastics develops flexibility, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
体操为身体和努力工作、纪律和决心发展灵活性、灵活性和协调性。
This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为身体健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的好处。
The combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的好处。
This combination provides life-time benefits for good health, success in school and work.
这一组合为健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身福利。
This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success at school and work.
这种结合为身体健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了终身的好处。
This combination provides life-saving benefits for good health, success in school and work.
这种结合为健康、学业成功和工作成功提供了挽救生命的惠益。
This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, participation in school and work.
这种结合为良好健康、参与学校和工作提供了终身福利。
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
正是这支队伍的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女孩送去参加体操,这真是太棒了。
This is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
这是这支球队的灵感,它将派出数以千计的年轻女子去参加体操,这非常棒。
That is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
这是这支球队的灵感,它将派出数以千计的年轻女子去参加体操,这非常棒。
It was the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
正是这支队伍的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女孩送去参加体操,这非常棒。
She is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
她是这支球队的灵感所在,这支球队将派出数以千计的年轻女子去参加体操,这非常棒。
It is the inspiration of this team which will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
正是这支球队的灵感,才把数以千计的年轻女子送去参加体操,这真是太棒了。
To participate in sport is so important, especially for girls.
参加体育运动非常重要,特别是对女孩来说。
To engage in sport is so important, especially for girls.
从事体育运动非常重要,特别是对女孩而言。
To succeed in sport is so important, especially for girls.
运动的成功非常重要, 特别是对于女孩来说.
To participate in sports is so important, especially for girls.
参加体育活动非常重要,特别是对女孩来说。
To participate in sport was so important, especially for girls.
参加体育运动非常重要,特别是对女孩来说。
To participate in sport is so important, especially for women.
参加体育运动非常重要, 特别是对于妇女来说.
This is such an exciting time.
这真是一个激动人心的时刻。
It is such an exciting time.
这真是一个激动人心的时刻。
This was such an exciting time.
这真是一个令人激动的时期。
This is such an interesting time.
这真是一个有趣的时刻。
This is such an exciting place.
这地方真令人激动.
This is such an important time.
这是一个非常重要的时刻。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gabby和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多来自不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gia and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gia和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多来自不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gigi and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gigi和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Geri and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Lauri、Geri和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Giselle and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Giselle和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gaby and Madison for that serious showcase of " Girl Power " in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
谢谢Simone、Aly、Laurie、Gaby和Madison,感谢他们为赢得奥运队的金牌和激励众多不同背景的年轻女子走上健康、强壮和成功的年轻女子之路而展现的“女孩力量”。
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors began to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,开始进一步罢工
Junior doctors threatened to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,威胁说要继续罢工
Junior doctors threaten to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,威胁要继续罢工
Junior doctors set to launch further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
年青医生拒绝了杰里米·亨特的提议,准备发动进一步罢工
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Dr Hunt's proposal
青年医生拒绝了亨特医生的建议,开始进一步罢工
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 80 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有80%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, although 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,尽管在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with Scottish Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与苏格兰医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in the ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with General Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37, 000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
部长们曾希望与普通医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束对变革的争议,但在参加投票的37 000名初级医生中,有58%的人拒绝了这一协议。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
7月,亨特透露了强制签订这份合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS is in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
7月,亨特透露了强制签订这份合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
In 2015, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
2015年,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay could be damaging for staff and patients.
7月,亨特透露了强制签订这份合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都可能损害员工和病人。
In 2014, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
2014年,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将损害员工和病人。
In 2016, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in " no man's land " and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
2016年,亨特透露了强制签订合同的计划,称NHS位于“无人之地”,任何进一步拖延都将对员工和病人造成伤害。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors were moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变夜间和周末工作的做法,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The remaining junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
其余的初级医生将接受新的合同,其中包括改变夜间和周末工作做法,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to day and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被转到新的合同中,其中包括改变日常和周末的工作做法,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors are taken onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
第一位初级医生被接受新的合同,其中包括改变夜间和周末的工作习惯,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
The first junior doctors have moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
初等医生已接受新合同,其中包括改变夜间和周末工作做法,以便在无法联系的时间内改善护理。
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席艾伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr John McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席约翰·麦考特医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,而且它不能公正地对待所有的医生。”
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Senior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席艾伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“高级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, including that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席艾伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,包括这会加剧目前的员工危机,而且它不能公正地对待所有的医生。”
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, namely that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席艾伦·麦考特医生昨晚在一份声明中说:“初级医生仍然对拟议合同有严重的担忧,即这会加剧目前的员工危机,并且不能公正地对待所有医生。”
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors " committee chair, said in a statement last night : " Junior doctors still have serious concerns over the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly. "
英国医学协会的初级医生委员会主席艾伦·麦考特医生在昨晚的一份声明中说:“初级医生对拟议合同仍然有严重的担忧,特别是这会加剧目前的员工危机,而且它不能公正地对待所有的医生。”
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前只有8周,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With only eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
由于第一批医生在接受新合同前只有8周,因此需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With just six weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前仅6周,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With just four weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前只有四个星期,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With just five weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
第一组医生在签订新合同前只有五星期,因此需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
With just three weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
在第一批医生签约前仅三周,需要取得进展,时间已经不多了。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
军事事务局努力通过会谈解决争端,但遭到政府不愿介入,有时还发出震耳欲聋的沉默。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute via talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
军事事务局努力通过会谈解决争端,但遭到政府不愿介入,有时还发出震耳欲聋的沉默。
Efforts by the BMA to settle the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
双边军事当局试图通过会谈解决争端,但遭到政府不愿介入,有时还发出震耳欲聋的沉默。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve this dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
海事局努力通过会谈解决这一争端,但遭到政府不愿介入,有时还发出震耳欲聋的沉默。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with public unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
英国环境部通过会谈解决争端的努力遭到了公众的拒绝,有时还遭到政府的震耳欲聋的沉默。
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with general unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
军事事务局为通过会谈解决争端所作的努力,普遍不愿意介入,有时甚至使政府发出震耳欲聋的沉默。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door was always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚答应他总是开门。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt late last month that his door is always open.
尽管上月晚些时候杰里米·亨特曾承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise by Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管Jeremy Hunt上月刚刚承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last week that his door is always open.
尽管上周Jeremy Hunt曾承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
This is despite a promise to Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
尽管上月刚向杰里米·亨特承诺,他的大门总是敞开着。
" Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特现在需要行动起来, 解除这种强加于人的做法,向低级医生表示担忧. ”
" Dr Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 亨特医生现在需要行动起来, 解除这种强加于人的做法,并且向小医生表示担忧. ”
" Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, end the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特现在需要行动起来, 结束这种强加于人的做法,并解决初级医生的担忧 ”.
" Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, remove the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特现在需要行动起来, 消除这种强加于人的做法,并解决初级医生的担忧 ”.
" Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, stop the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特现在需要行动起来, 停止强迫和向低级医生发表演说. ”
" Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, reverse the imposition and address junior doctors " concerns.
“ 杰里米·亨特需要立即行动起来, 扭转这种强加于人的做法,解决小医生们的担忧. ”
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
If it does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
如果它没有,那么初级医生是清楚的,他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
if he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
If he does not then junior doctors make clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就明确表示他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
If he is not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
如果他不是小医生,那么医生们很清楚,他们准备采取进一步的工业行动。
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take any industrial action.
如果他不这样做,那么初级医生就清楚了,他们准备采取任何工业行动。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of almost 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了近13 000次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 10, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了近10 000次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 5, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了将近5 000次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供保险。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of over 13, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了13 000多次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供掩护。
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 3, 000 routine operations and 100, 000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
4月底的最后一次罢工推迟了将近3 000次例行手术,并安排了100 000名护士和顾问,为警戒线上的医生提供保险。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers initially hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们最初希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers reportedly hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
据报道,部长们希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers also hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
部长们还希望与英国医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with Scottish Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与苏格兰医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with General Medical Association officials.
部长们曾希望与普通医疗协会官员商定一项经过改革的合同,从而结束在改革问题上的争执。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
The DMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
医管局希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
The RMA wants better weekend pay for the 54, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
皇家医院希望向5万4千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 10, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望为10000名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 3, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
BMA希望为3,000名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生将接受合同的约束。
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 2, 000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
英国医学协会希望为两千名初级医生支付更高的周末工资,这些医生是合同的主体。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with their strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁初级医生不要继续罢工。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with the strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁初级医生不要罢工。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on NHS doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁NHS的医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called for junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁初级医生不要进行任何罢工。
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to press ahead with any strikes.
NHS雇主公司首席执行官丹尼尔·莫蒂默呼吁初级医生不要在罢工前赶路。
Mr Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:“工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。”
Mr Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and staff and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:“工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和员工带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。”
Mr Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but puts pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:“工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。”
Mr Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, frustration and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:“工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、沮丧和干扰。”
Professor Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末教授说:“工业行动不会取得什么成果,也不会取得什么成果,而是给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人带来担忧、烦恼和干扰。”
Mr Mortimer said : " Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and creates worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families. "
摩梯末说:“工业行动几乎无所作为,但却给已经捉襟见肘的团队和服务带来压力,给病人、护理人员及其家人制造忧虑、烦恼和干扰。”
Over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
For the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last three months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去三个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
During the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last six months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去六个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,积极回应他们对监护人角色和惠斯布劳的担忧。
Over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to the concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
在过去两个月里,我们一直与初级医生委员会对话,并与卫生部和其他方面一道,对关于监护人作用和惠斯布劳的担忧作出了积极回应。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreement reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabi, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要问题上继续积极参与,如部署、培训的灵活性、为那些从职业生涯中断中返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、相互承认教学大纲、学习假以及医药中的男女工资差距 -- -- 表明雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from extended breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、为那些从延长的间歇期返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、相互承认教学大纲、学习假以及医药中的男女工资差异,这些都表明雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部在遵守11月、2月和5月与管理局达成的协议方面态度严肃。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from work breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、为那些从工间休息中返回的人提供的额外培训、培训费用、相互承认教学大纲、学习假以及医药中的男女工资差别等,能够表明雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics-such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine-were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health are about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
雇主希望,在其他重要议题上,如部署、培训的灵活性、对从职业生涯中断返回的人员的额外培训、培训费用、对教学大纲的相互承认、学习假和医学中的性别薪酬差距等,继续积极参与,这标志着雇主、英国卫生教育局和卫生部如何认真履行在11月、2月和5月与巴林环境部达成的协议。
The £ 2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
这种每天2英镑的药物能够减少心脏病发作的威胁
A £ 2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
一种每天2英镑的药物,可以减少心脏病发作威胁
The £ 2-a-day drug that can cut heart attacks threat
这种每天2英镑的药物能够减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £ 2-a-week drug that can cut heart attack threat
每周2英镑的药物可以减少心脏病发作的威胁
The £ 2-a-month drug that can cut heart attack threat
这种每月2英镑的药物能够减少心脏病发作的威胁
a £ 2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
一种每天2英镑的药物,可以减少心脏病发作威胁
Thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £ 2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数千名心脏病发作的病人将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Hundreds of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £ 2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数百名心脏病发作的病人将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前,官方建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Thousands more heart attack patients are to benefit from a £ 2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
另有数千名心脏病发作患者将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前,官方建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £ 2-a-week drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数千名心脏病发作的病人将受益于每周2英镑的药物,此前官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Half of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £ 2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
半数心脏病发作患者将受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前,官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Thousands of heart attack patients continue to benefit from a £ 2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
数千名心脏病发作患者继续受益于每天2英镑的药物,此前官员建议将这种药物长期提供给更多人。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物会使心脏病患者再次发作的风险降低。
Anti-clotting drug picagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
反堵塞药物的皮卡雷洛对心脏病患者的反复攻击风险进行了剥落。
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the chance of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴结瘾药物使心脏病患者再次发作的几率下降。
Blood-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
滴血的药物Ticagrel对心脏病患者有反复发作的危险。
Anti-clotting drug licagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴药叶草对心脏病患者重复发作的风险。
Anti-clotting drug cicagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
抗淋巴药对心脏病患者有反复发作的危险。
The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作12个月后就已经服用,可以降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, decreasing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作12个月后就已经服用,从而降低了中风或再次发作的风险。
This drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作12个月后就已经服用,可以降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is already given for 6 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作后已经注射了6个月,可以降低中风或再次发作的风险。
The drug is already given for six months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
这种药物在心脏病发作后已经注射了6个月,降低了中风或再次发作的风险。
The medication is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
心脏病发作12个月后,药物就已经提供,从而降低了中风或再次发作的风险。
NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
NHS监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for three years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
NHS监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们三年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
Healthcare watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
保健监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
Health watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
健康监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
Medical watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
医疗监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
The watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
国家中心协会建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但是现在NHS的NICE已经建议,这应该给予人们四年,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for three years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但现在NHS的NICE已经建议,应该给予人们三年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for five years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但是现在NHS的NICE已经建议,应该给人们5年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
But the NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
但是NHS的监督机构NICE建议,这应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
Even now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
即使现在,NHS的NICE已经建议,应该给予人们四年的时间,以进一步降低患心血管疾病的风险。
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the incidence of cardiovascular problems.
但是,NHS监督机构NICE建议,应该给予人们四年时间,以进一步降低心血管疾病的发生率。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Some 100, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年约有10万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
About 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Approximately 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Around 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中四分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Some 140, 000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a third of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
在英国,每年大约有14万人心脏病发作,其中三分之一的人会再次发作或中风。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
Heart failure and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心力衰竭和中风是由动脉壁内脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material within artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁内脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material on artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁上脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls that form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由形成斑块的动脉壁脂肪物质积聚引起的。
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by a build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
心脏病发作和中风是由动脉壁中脂肪物质积聚而形成斑块引起的。
If the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
If this plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果这个斑块断裂,它会导致血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
When the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
当斑块断裂时,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
If a plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,可引起血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
If the plaque breaks apart it can create a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,就会形成血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
If the plaque breaks apart it may cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
如果斑块断裂,可能引发血块,阻塞心脏的血液,导致心脏病发作。
And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流会传播到血流中,阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And when the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
当血块脱落时,血流会传播到血流中,阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and disrupt blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流就会流到血流中,破坏脑部的血液流动,导致中风。
And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream to block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流中就会阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if the clot dislodges it can stay in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,它会留在血流中,阻塞脑部的血流,导致中风。
And if the clot dislodges it will travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
如果血块脱落,血流就会流向脑部,并阻塞血流,导致中风。
People who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
Individuals who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的个人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
Those who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
Children who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的儿童面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
People who have already had one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受过一次攻击的人面临遭受另一次攻击的更大风险。
People who have already have an attack are at a higher risk of having another.
已经遭受攻击的人面临遭受攻击的更大风险。
Ticagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
Ticagrelor由英国AstraZeneca公司制造,以贸易名Brilique出售,通过降低血凝块的可能性来降低这一风险。
Zicagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
由英国AstraZeneca公司制造并以Brilique贸易名出售的Zicagrelor通过降低血块的可能性来降低这一风险。
Ricagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
Ricagrelor由英国AstraZeneca公司制造,以贸易名Brilique出售,通过降低血凝块的可能性来降低这一风险。
Bicagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
Bicagrelor由英国AstraZeneca公司制造,以贸易名Brilique出售,通过降低血凝块的可能性来降低这一风险。
Cicagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
Cicagrelor由英国AstraZeneca公司制造,以贸易名Brilique出售,通过降低血块的可能性来降低这一风险。
Tiagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
由英国AstraZeneca公司制造并以贸易名Brilique出售的Tiagrelor通过降低血块的可能性来降低这一风险。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,人们12个月给90毫克血糖,此后三年内每天两次给90毫克血糖加阿司匹林加60毫克。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 50 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指南》草案建议人们在12个月的时间里给50毫克的铁甲草胺,然后是60毫克和阿司匹林一天两次,再持续3年。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 60 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,人们在12个月时间内服用60毫克的铁甲草胺,此后三年内每天两次服用60毫克的阿司匹林和阿司匹林。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 100 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指南》草案建议,人们在12个月的时间里服用100毫克的铁甲草胺,然后每天服用60毫克和阿司匹林,再持续3年。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another two years.
今天公布的《内酯指导文件草案》建议,在12个月的时间里给人们90毫克的铁甲草胺,然后是60毫克和阿司匹林一天两次,再过两年。
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 30 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
今天公布的《内酯指南》草案建议,人们在12个月的时间里服用30毫克铁甲草胺,然后每天服用60毫克和阿司匹林,再持续3年。
Professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任CaroleLongson教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor David Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任大卫·朗森教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Carole Longden, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任卡罗尔·朗登教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Carole Longhurst, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任CaroleLonghurst教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Carole Longworth, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任CaroleLongworth教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一的心脏病发作者会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Professor Carole Longford, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said : " Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke-often with devastating consequences. "
NICE健康技术评价中心主任CaroleLongford教授说:“尽管有有效的二级预防治疗,但是多达四分之一心脏病发作的人会再次心脏病发作或中风——经常是破坏性后果。”
Fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
害怕复发可能对一个人的生活质量产生重大不利影响。
Fear of a recurrence may have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
担心复发可能对一个人的生活质量产生重大不利影响。
Knowledge of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
了解复发对一个人的生活质量有显著的负面影响。
Fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative effect on a person's quality of life.
害怕复发可能对一个人的生活质量产生重大的负面影响。
Reports of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
复发的报告可能对一个人的生活质量产生重大不利影响。
Fear of a recurrence can have a strong negative impact on a person's quality of life.
害怕复发会对一个人的生活质量产生强烈的负面影响。
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at decreasing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence shows that cicagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,cicagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence shows that picagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,picagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence shows that zicagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,azicagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective in reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
证据显示,ticagrel,加上阿司匹林,可以有效降低已经心脏病发作的人再度心脏病发作和中风的风险。
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor时,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
By provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
通过临时推荐Ticagrelor,我们很高兴能够增加可以从中获益的数千人的治疗选择。
After provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在临时推荐Ticagrelor之后,我们很高兴能够向能够从中受益的数千人提供更多的治疗选择。
In expressly recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在明确推荐ticagrelor中,我们很高兴能够增加可选择的治疗机会,使成千上万从中获益的人受益。
In retrospectively recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在回顾性推荐ticagrelor,我们很高兴能够增加现有的治疗选择,为数千人从它中获益。
In orally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
在口头推荐ticagrelor中,我们很高兴能够增加现有的治疗选择,让数千人从中获益。
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于关于ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过3年)的信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because data on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性的数据有限,特别是出血风险超过三年,因此指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because research on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于对Ticagrel药疗效和安全性的研究有限,特别是3年以上的出血风险研究有限,因此指导文件草案不建议在这一时期以后再用它治疗。
Since information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过3年)的相关信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再用它治疗。
Because evidence on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel药疗效和安全性的证据有限,特别是3年以上的出血风险,指导文件草案不建议在该期间以后再使用它。
As information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor-particularly the risk of bleeding-beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
由于Ticagrel病疗效和安全性(特别是出血风险超过3年)的信息有限,指南草案不建议在该时期以后再进行治疗。
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区蓬勃发展
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim countries flourish
PC文化让选举诈骗在穆斯林国家蓬勃发展
Western culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
西方文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区盛行
Islamic culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
伊斯兰文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区盛行
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim communities flourish
PC文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林社区蓬勃发展
Muslim culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
穆斯林文化让选举舞弊在穆斯林地区盛行
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,哈姆雷特市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被解职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was dismissed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
哈姆雷特的市长卢特弗·拉赫曼去年因腐败而被解职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was sacked from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
哈姆雷特的市长卢特弗·拉赫曼去年因腐败而被解职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was suspended from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
去年,前下院的哈姆雷特市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而被停职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office this year for corruption, prompting the government report
哈姆雷特的市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因腐败而在今年被免职,这引发了政府的报道
Ex-Tower Hamlets Mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
哈姆雷特市长卢特弗·拉赫曼去年因腐败而被免职,这引发了政府的报道
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
The culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份毁灭性的政府报告显示,政治正确性的文化导致穆斯林社区普遍对选举舞弊视而不见。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud within Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud among Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份破坏性政府报告显示,政治正确文化导致穆斯林社区普遍投票舞弊,人们对此视若无睹。
A sense of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份毁灭性的政府报告显示,政治上的正确感导致人们对穆斯林社区中普遍存在的投票欺诈行为视而不见。
A lack of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
一份毁灭性的政府报告显示,缺乏政治正确性导致穆斯林社区普遍出现投票舞弊行为,人们对此视若无睹。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, electoral watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and city halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " pseudo-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“关于种族和宗教的伪敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " non-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士抨击警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教不敏感”。
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts local police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
前内阁部长埃里克·皮克勒爵士对当地警察、选举监督员和市政厅无视选举舞弊的证据,因为“对种族和宗教过于敏感”。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to place cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书说,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,警察应该被允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that authorities should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书表示,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,当局应该允许在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
A former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
一位前社区部长(现为反腐败沙皇)说,由于宗教原因对选民的恐吓非常严重,应该允许警察在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to erect cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书表示,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,应该允许警察在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护受惊吓的选民。
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that officials should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
现为反腐败沙皇的前社区秘书表示,基于宗教理由对选民的恐吓非常严重,应该允许官员在投票站外设置警戒线,以保护惊恐不安的选民。
He recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
他建议选民在投票时必须出示身份证,以证明自己是谁。
He advises that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
他建议,选民在投票时必须持有身份证以证明自己是谁。
She recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
她建议选民在投票时必须带身份证以证明自己是谁。
He recommends that voters not have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
他建议,选民在投票时不必拿身份证来证明自己是谁。
He recommends that voters should need to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
他建议,选民在投票时需要持身份证以证明自己是谁。
He recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are before they vote.
他建议选民在投票前必须持身份证证明自己是什么样的人。
Currently, a voter merely has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字和地址.
Currently, a voter merely has to state his name and address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的姓名和地址.
Currently, a voter only has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字和地址.
Currently, a voter merely has to state their name or address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字或住址.
Currently, a voter also has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民 也 必须 说明 自己 的 姓名 和 地址 。
Currently, the voter merely has to state their name and address.
目前, 选民只须说出自己的名字和地址.
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时,在人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers when they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers after they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票后,在人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers before they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票前在人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人投票两次。
The report even suggests placing indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时,在一个人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人能投票两次。
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's hands as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
报告甚至建议,在投票时将不可磨灭的墨水涂在一个人的手上,以防止任何人能投票两次。
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,应该加强对举报人的保护。
Special protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,应该对举报人给予特别保护。
Equal protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,对举报人应给予平等保护。
Greater latitude should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,应该给予举报人更大的自由度。
Greater priority should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,应该给予举报人更多的优先权。
Greater respect should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
埃里克爵士说,应该更加尊重检举人。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be granted greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He called for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees and working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会和工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions made by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁给予新闻界更多查阅理事会文件和非正式委员会或工作组所作决定的机会。
He calls for the Press to be allowed greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
他呼吁允许新闻界更多地查阅理事会的文件以及非官方委员会或工作组的决定。
" This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
他说:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊的风气的冲击。”
" It is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
他表示:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊这一与选举舞弊并行不悖的更为广泛的文化的影响。”
" This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud which goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
“这不仅是为了防止选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊这一与选举舞弊密切相关的更广泛的文化的影响,”他说。
" This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government against the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
他说:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受与选举舞弊同时并存的腐败和金融舞弊的风气。”
" This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that runs hand in hand with it, " he said.
他说:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊的风气的冲击。”
" This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to shield local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it, " he said.
他说:“这不仅是为了防范选举舞弊,也是为了保护地方政府免受腐败和金融舞弊的风气的冲击。”
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令了这份报告。
This report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
唐宁街在东伦敦的塔哈姆雷特投票丑闻之后下令了这份报告。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in South London.
唐宁街在南伦敦的塔哈姆雷特投票丑闻之后下令了这份报告。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in east London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在伦敦东区投票丑闻后下令了这份报告。
The investigation was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
调查是唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在东伦敦投票丑闻后下令进行的。
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in North London.
唐宁街在唐宁塔哈姆雷特在北伦敦投票丑闻后下令了这份报告。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法院裁决现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼(Lutfur Rahman)因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法院裁决现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼(Lutfur Rahman)因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office amid a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法院裁决现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼(Lutfur Rahman)应在一系列腐败和非法行为中被免职。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office citing a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法院裁定现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼(Lutfur Rahman)因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office over a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法院裁决现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼(Lutfur Rahman)因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
去年,一个特别选举法庭裁定现任市长鲁特弗·拉赫曼因一连串腐败和非法行为而被免职。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman"无情地扭曲了"穆斯林社区的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Islamic community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman"无情地扭曲"其伊斯兰社区的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The report found Rahman " cynically perverted " the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
报告发现,Rahman"愤世嫉俗地扭曲了"穆斯林社区的宗教感情,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指责来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the nationalist feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“愤世嫉俗地扭曲了”穆斯林的民族主义情绪,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the positive feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“无情地扭曲了”穆斯林社会的积极情绪,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
The court found Rahman " cynically perverted " the patriotic feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
法院认定,Rahman“愤世嫉俗地扭曲了”穆斯林的爱国情绪,并用种族主义和仇视伊斯兰教的指控来压制他的批评者。
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was a religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林的宗教义务,投票支持他。”
Abdullah, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,阿卜杜拉的竞选活动是以忠实穆斯林的宗教义务为基础,为他投票的。
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious obligation of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
拉赫曼,据说,“他的竞选活动是基于忠实的穆斯林有宗教义务投票支持他的。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the basis that it was the sacred duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
拉赫曼,据说,“他的竞选是根据忠实的穆斯林的神圣义务进行的。”
Rahman, it was said, " ran his campaign on the grounds that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him. "
据说,“拉赫曼的竞选活动,理由是忠实穆斯林的宗教义务是投票支持他。”
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或者是假扮他人投票的结果。
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as somebody else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或者是假冒他人投票的结果。
Up to 300 votes are dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或者是假冒他人投票的结果。
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes by posing as someone else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或是由一个人假扮他人投票的结果。
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where the person votes while posing as someone else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或者是假冒他人投票的结果。
Up to 300 votes were dubious or a result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
多达300张选票是可疑的,或因某人以他人名义投票而造成。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir John said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
约翰爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud around the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud throughout the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud in the country.
埃里克爵士说,该国有欺诈的证据。
Sir Eric said there is evidence of fraud across the country.
埃里克爵士说,有证据显示全国各地存在欺诈行为。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他 对 邮政 投票 舞弊 表示 特别 震惊, 据说 穆斯林 社区 的 高级 成员 施加压力, 迫使 人们 投票 选出 他们 所 选择 的 一 名 候选人 。
He expressed particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票舞弊行为表示特别震惊,据说,穆斯林社区的高级成员对人们施加压力,迫使他们投票选举自己选出的候选人。
He raised particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票欺诈行为特别感到震惊,据称,穆斯林社区的高级成员对人们施加压力,迫使他们投票选举自己选出的候选人。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which senior members of the Muslim community are said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票舞弊行为表示特别震惊,据说,穆斯林社区的高级成员对人们施加压力,要求他们投票选举自己选出的候选人。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-in which prominent members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票欺诈行为表示特别震惊,据称,穆斯林社区的知名成员对民众施加压力,要求投票选举自己选出的候选人。
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud-by which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
他对邮政投票欺诈行为表示特别震惊,据说,穆斯林社区的高级成员通过这种欺诈行为对人们施加压力,迫使他们投票选举自己选出的候选人。
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,埃里克爵士为清理投票系统提出了若干建议,包括带上你的身份证以证明你是谁
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system by bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,埃里克爵士提出若干建议,通过出示身份证证明你是谁来清理投票系统
Sir Eric, pictured, made some recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,埃里克爵士提出一些建议来清理投票系统,包括带上你的身份证来证明你是谁
Sir Eric, pictured, made many recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
图示,埃里克爵士提出许多建议来清理投票系统,包括带上你的身份证来证明你是谁
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up your voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
埃里克爵士,图画中,提出一些建议来清理你的投票系统,包括带上你的身份证来证明你是谁
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including changing your ID to prove who you are
图示,埃里克爵士为清理投票系统提出了若干建议,包括更改身份证以证明你是谁
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, particularly in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老们的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the wishes of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要他们根据长老们的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, especially women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:“有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
His report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being placed on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
他的报告说:"有证据表明,一些少数民族社区的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要他们根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦和孟加拉国裔社区。
The report says : " Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
报告说:"有证据表明,一些少数民族社区中的弱势成员,特别是妇女和青年人,受到压力,要他们根据长老的意愿投票,特别是在巴基斯坦人和孟加拉国人背景的社区。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were concerns that... government institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于"政治上正确"过度关注种族和宗教,政府机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity or religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族或宗教“政治上正确”的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were fears that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教“政治上正确”的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were concerns that... state institutions have turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教“政治上正确”的过度敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
" There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of " politically correct " non-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion. "
人们担心,由于对种族和宗教“政治上正确的”不敏感,国家机构对这种行为视而不见。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " ballot harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“选票收割”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning student activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止学生积极分子处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot boxes to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮箱以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal voting papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括禁止政治活动人士处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including preventing political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop " vote harvesting. "
埃里克爵士提出了50项建议来清理这个系统,包括防止政治活动家处理邮递选票以停止“收割选票”。
The report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特雷萨·梅正在审议该报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
This report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特蕾莎·梅正在审议这份报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for stricter checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特雷萨·梅正在审议该报告,该报告还呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
Another report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特雷萨·梅正在考虑的另一份报告也呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The bill, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特蕾莎·梅正在审议这项法案,还要求对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
The proposal, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
特蕾莎·梅正在考虑该提案,呼吁对选民登记进行更严格的检查,以防止选举登记册被用于移民和利益欺诈。
Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID when voting.
考虑在投票时要求选民出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID for voting.
考虑要求选民出示身份证供投票的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to show ID before voting.
考虑在投票前要求选民出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring citizens to produce ID before voting.
考虑在投票前要求公民出示身份证的备选办法。
Consider the options for requiring voters to provide ID before voting.
审议要求选民在投票前提供身份证的备选办法。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
一旦投票,在某人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers after they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票后用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers when they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers before they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票前用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
在投票时用不可磨灭的墨水涂在人的手指上,以防止任何人投两次票。
Leave indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
一旦投票,为防止任何人投两次票,请在人的手指上涂上不可磨灭的墨水。
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对一个人的国籍进行系统检查,以确保他们有选举权。
Carry out systematic checks on each person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对每个人的国籍进行系统检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out systematic checks on every person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对每个人的国籍进行系统检查,确保他们有选举权。
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are qualified to vote.
对某人的国籍进行系统检查,确保他们有资格投票。
Carrying out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
对一个人的国籍进行有系统的检查,以确保他们有选举权。
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are able to vote.
对一个人的国籍进行系统检查,以确保他们能够投票。
Put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请规定3年的限制。
Put a two-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请设两年的限制。
Put a five-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请规定5年的限制。
Set a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请设定3年的限制。
Put a one-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请设一年的限制。
Put a three-month limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
对自动邮寄投票的申请设三个月的限制。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封。
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes or postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理已完成的邮票或邮票信封。
Stop political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
停止政治活动人士和积极分子处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封。
prevent political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
防止政治活动人士和积极分子处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封。
Ban political campaigners and activists in handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
禁止政治活动家和积极分子处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封。
Block political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
阻止政治活动家和活动家处理已完成的邮票和邮票信封.
Give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设置警戒线。
Give police powers to set up cordons at polling stations.
赋予警察在投票站设置警戒线的权力。
Give police powers to put up cordons around polling stations.
赋予警察权力,在投票站周围设置警戒线。
Have police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
警方有权力在投票站周围设立警戒线。
Extended police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
扩大警察权力,在投票站周围设立警戒线。
Give police powers to set up cordons outside polling stations.
授权警察在投票站外设置警戒线。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,使根据1983年《人民代表法》控告恐吓者更加容易。
Change the law to make it harder to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,使其更加难以根据1983年《人民代表法》指控人受到恐吓。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation in the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,使人们更容易在1983年《人民代表法》中受到恐吓。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1998.
修改法律,使根据1998年《人民代表法》控告恐吓者更加容易。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation with the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,使1983年《人民代表法》更容易对人提出恐吓指控。
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation through the Representation of the People Act 1983.
修改法律,通过1983年《人民代表法》,使人们更容易受到恐吓。
Make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Make it illegal to take pictures at polling stations.
在投票站拍照是违法的.
Making it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
规定在投票站拍照为非法行为。
Makes it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
规定在投票站拍照为违法。
Made it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
在投票站拍照是非法的.
Make it illegal to take photographs in polling stations.
规定在投票站拍摄照片为违法。
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used at polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
Makes it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语(威尔士除外)。
Make it a requirement that only English was to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语 ( 威尔士除外 ).
makes it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ).
规定只能在投票站使用英语(威尔士除外)。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往投票站的规定。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters come to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独来到摊位的规则。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the policy that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往投票站的政策。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the requirement that voters go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民单独前往投票站的要求。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth first.
加强培训,确保工作人员执行选民先到投票站的规则。
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that customers go to the booth alone.
加强培训,确保员工执行顾客独自前往摊位的规定。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,说“令人震惊的”是塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提出刑事指控。
Sir John savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
约翰爵士对大都会警察说,在塔哈姆雷特事件之后没有提出任何刑事指控,这“令人震惊”。
Sir Humphrey savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
汉弗莱爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,称在塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提起任何刑事指控“令人震惊”。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were laid after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,称在塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提出刑事指控是“令人震惊的”。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were filed after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士对大都会警察说,在塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提出刑事指控,这“令人震惊”。
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, claiming it is " astonishing " that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
埃里克爵士猛烈抨击了大都会警察,声称在塔哈姆雷特事件后没有提出刑事指控是“令人震惊的”。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman as his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman为他的代理人的资格,因为他有一连串腐败的非法行径,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and unlawful practices, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal acts, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他说。
" The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal activities, " he said.
“选举法院取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串腐败和非法活动,”他说。
" The election commission disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices, " he said.
“选举委员会取消LutfurRahman和他的代理人的资格,罪名是一连串的腐败和非法行为,”他说。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
他被判有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,符合刑事标准的证据,一系列理由。
She was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
她被判定有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,符合刑事标准的证据,一系列理由。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-under a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
他被判有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,根据刑事标准证明的一系列理由。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-against a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
他被判定有罪,超越了合理的怀疑 -- -- 与刑事证据标准对立 -- -- 一系列理由。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-to a criminal standard of proof-on a number of grounds.
他被判有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,符合刑事标准的证据,有多种理由。
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt-using a criminal standard of proof-on a series of grounds.
他被判有罪,超越了合理的怀疑,使用刑事标准的证据-一系列理由。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
She also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
她还批评了市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
It also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral registration departments.
它还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " in town hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " by town hall electoral registration departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
He also criticises the ineffectual " tick-box inspections " of town hall electoral register departments.
他还批评市政厅选举登记部门无效的“计票箱检查”。
Sir Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Sir John said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
约翰爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Sir Richard said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
理查德爵士说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Lord Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克勋爵说:“去年法庭对塔哈姆雷特的判决是一次警醒。
As Eric said : " Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
正如埃里克所说:“去年法院对塔哈姆雷特的判决是一次警醒。
Sir Eric said : " This year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
埃里克爵士说:"今年法庭对塔哈姆雷特的裁决是警醒。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our country has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our Parliament has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
我国 议会 作为 各国 议会 的 母亲 具有 令人 自豪 的 传统, 但是, 选举 欺诈 的 令人 忧虑 和 隐蔽 的 蔓延 以及 一些 机构 的 否认 情况 威胁 了 这 一 良好 的 声誉 。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of election fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threaten that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播,以及某些机构的否认状态,威胁了这种良好声誉。
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies destroys that good reputation.
作为议会之母,我国有着令人自豪的传统,然而,选举欺诈的担忧和秘密传播,以及某些机构的否认态度,破坏了这一良好声誉。
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
对凯特的自行车骑手外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人来说,这实在是太疯狂了
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelganger of Rio Olympians
疯狂的凯特的自行车手外观和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalikes and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
对凯特的骑自行车的外表和里约热内卢奥运会的名人来说,这实在是太疯狂了
Crazy for Kate's Rio lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
对凯特像力拓那样的外表和里约热内卢奥林匹亚人的其他名人来说,是疯狂的
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of the Olympians
对于凯特的自行车骑手外表和奥运名人的其他称号来说,这实在是太疯狂了
Looking for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
寻找凯特像骑自行车的人,以及里约热内卢奥运会的名人
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国骑自行车的保罗·费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)本周对2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们大发雷霆。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Catherine Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国骑自行车的凯瑟琳·费兰德-普雷沃特(Catherine Ferrand-Prevot)本周的2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们对此大加关注。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevost, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
法国自行车手保林费兰德-普雷沃斯特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevost)本周对2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们大发雷霆。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics that week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们对法国自行车骑手保林费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)来说已经狂热了。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for The Duchess of Cambridge.
法国骑自行车的保罗·费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)本周对2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们大发雷霆。
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have run wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
2016年里约奥运会的粉丝们本周对法国自行车骑手保林费兰德-普雷沃特(Pauline Ferrand-Prevot)大加关注。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员。
But this 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员,他们夸耀自己的名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体的说法,他们不会。
But a 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但是,一位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员,他夸耀了自己的名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体的说法不会。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete still fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是这个夏天唯一一个还在争夺金牌的运动员,他们夸耀自己在明星中扮演的副手,至少根据社交媒体的说法,他们不会这么做。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer who boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是今夏唯一一个为争夺金牌而奋战的运动员,他夸耀了自己的名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体的说法不会。
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete currently fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger-at least not according to social media.
但这位24岁的奥运选手远不是目前唯一一个在夏季争夺金牌的运动员,他们夸耀自己的名人“猎头”——至少根据社交媒体的说法。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
Now, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
现在,为了纪念里约奥运会,为了纪念目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
And, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
此外,为了纪念里约奥运会以及目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人相像的奥运选手名单。
Finally, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
最后,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians that bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens for the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
因此,为了纪念里约奥运会和目前横跨我们屏幕的所有著名人物,联邦选手协会汇编了一份与好莱坞名人非常相似的奥运选手名单。
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左翼,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The boy and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
男孩和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左派,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a child
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左翼,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The man and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
the hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪·埃利森,左,自从他小时候就和里奥纳多·迪卡普里奥相比了
The hunter and the wolf : U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio when he was a kid
猎人和狼:美国男子射箭队成员布雷迪埃利森,左,被比作莱昂纳多迪卡普里奥童年
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了Kate在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上的很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer might be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了Kate在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上的很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be a twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了Kate在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, several people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了Kate在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上的一些人也很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Apart from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了凯特在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上很多人都很快指出,一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
Aside from Kate's doppelganger at the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
除了凯特在自行车赛道上的副手外,网上很多人都很快指出一个射手是如何成为A-listerLeonardo DiCaprio的双胞胎的。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭小组成员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在Twitter上引发了一场风暴,因为他的图像看上去与华尔街明星沃尔夫(Wolf of Wall Street)一模一样。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after pictures of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭队队员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在Twitter上引发了一场风暴。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after photos of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭小组成员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在推特上引发了一场风暴。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after photographs of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭队队员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在Twitter上引发了一场风暴。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after images of him appearing eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭小组成员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在Twitter上引发了一场风暴,此前,他的照片看上去与华尔街明星沃尔夫(Wolf of Wall Street)截然不同。
U. S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter when images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
美国男子射箭小组成员布雷迪·埃利森(Brady Ellison)在Twitter上引发了一场风暴,当时,他的照片看起来与华尔街的沃尔夫(Wolf of Wall Street)明星一模一样。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer was aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he had been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer is aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looked like Leo since he was a kid.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a child.
事实上,射手意识到了社交媒体的狂热,并承认他从小就听说过自己像狮子座。
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人并不认为自己有着巨大的相似之处, 或许除了脸部的头发.
' I personally don't see any huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人看不到任何巨大的相似之处, 或许除了脸部的头发.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the long hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人并不认为自己长着头发, 或许还会长着头发.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the blond hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人并不认为她有着巨大的相似之处, 或许除了金发.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the dark hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人并不认为自己有着巨大的相似之处, 或许除了黑发.
' I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the red hair ,'Brady told Huffington Post.
布雷迪对赫芬顿邮报说,我个人并不认为自己有着巨大的相似之处, 或许除了红头发以外.
' He is a good-looking dude so I guess it's a compliment. '
他长得帅,所以我想这是恭维。
' He is a good-looking guy so I guess it's a compliment. '
他是一个英俊的男人,所以我想这是恭维。
' He is a nice-looking dude so I guess it's a compliment. '
他是个好男人,所以我想这是恭维。
' He is a good-looking dude so I guess that's a compliment. '
他长得帅,所以我想这是恭维。
' He is a good-looking man so I guess it's a compliment. '
他是一个英俊的男人,所以我想这是恭维。
' He is a good-looking dude so I think it's a compliment. '
他长得帅,所以我觉得这是恭维。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Joe Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员乔·鲁瑟福德(Joe Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and American actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德和美国演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯的惊人相似性。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Nicky Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国长跑运动员尼基·鲁瑟福德(Nicky Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似性。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 was undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的惊人相似之处。
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year : the close likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
无疑,2012年伦敦最受欢迎比较之一将在今年更受关注:英国跳远运动员格雷格·鲁瑟福德(Greg Rutherford)和流行演员尼尔·帕特里克·哈里斯(Neil Patrick Harris)的相似之处。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员Aliya Mustafina用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星Gloria Estefan的哑谜。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her bright, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员阿利亚·穆斯塔菲娜(Alya Mustafina)用她那双明亮而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡(Gloria Estefan)的哑谜。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Mexican-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员Aliya Mustafina用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,对墨西哥裔美国歌手Gloria Estefan是个致命的打击者。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her big, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员Aliya Mustafina用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星Gloria Estefan的哑谜。
Russian gymnast Mariya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员玛利亚·穆斯塔菲娜用她那双大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌手格洛丽亚·埃斯特凡的哑谜。
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her wide, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
据说,俄罗斯体操运动员Aliya Mustafina用她那双宽大而富于表情的眼睛,成了古巴裔美国歌星Gloria Estefan的哑谜。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格(Cameron van der Burgh)已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(Matthew Morrison)相比了好几年。
And out in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(MatthewMorrison)相比了好几年了。
And down in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格与Glee明星马修·莫里森(MatthewMorrison)相比,已经多年了。
And back in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
回到泳池后,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格(Cameron van der Burgh)已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(Matthew Morrison)相比了好几年。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron Van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格(Cameron Van der Burgh)已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(Matthew Morrison)相比了好几年。
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for months now.
在泳池里,南非游泳选手卡梅伦·范德伯格(Cameron van der Burgh)已经和Glee明星马修·莫里森(Matthew Morrison)相比了好几个月了。
Changing it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改写:这个用户认为内森是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
Back it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
备份:这个用户认为内森是一个“运动版”的“先入为主”的演员
Changing it up : This user reckons that Nathan is the'athletic version'of the Inception actor
改写:这个用户认为内森是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
Set it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
设置:这个用户认为内森是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
Changing it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Deception actor
改写:这个用户认为内森是“骗子”的“运动版”
Look it up : This user reckons that Nathan is an'athletic version'of the Inception actor
查一查:这个用户认为内森是“先入为主”的“运动版”演员
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特,他拥有类似的沉重的额头和嘴唇。
A long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
长期以来,网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔(Rafael Nadal)和演员乔希·哈特内特(Josh Hartnett)的对比一直是如此。
One long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
长期以来,网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔(Rafael Nadal)和演员乔希·哈特内特(Josh Hartnett)的对比就一直如此。
Another long-standing comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特,他有着类似的厚额和嘴唇。
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and comedian Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和喜剧演员乔希·哈特内特,他有着相似的厚眉和嘴唇。
Another long-term comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
另一个长期的比较是网球明星拉斐尔·纳达尔和演员乔希·哈特内特,他有着相似的厚眉和嘴唇。
Silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌游泳运动员俄罗斯的尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃的皮肤和金发与演员安娜莉娜·麦科德相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈尔贡·莱维特的运动版”。
Silver Medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌游泳运动员俄罗斯的尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃的皮肤和金发与演员安娜琳·麦科德相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈贡·莱维特的运动版”。
Bronze medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
铜牌游泳运动员俄罗斯的尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃的皮肤和金发与演员安娜莉娜·麦科德相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈贡·莱维特的竞技版”。
Gold medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
金牌游泳运动员尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃的皮肤和金发与演员安娜莉娜·麦科德相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈尔贡·莱维特的运动版”。
Silver medalist swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌得主俄罗斯选手尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃(Yulia Efimova)的皮肤和金发与演员安娜莉娜·麦科德(Annalyne McCord)相仿,而美国队的内森·艾德里安(Nathan Adrian)则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈贡·莱维特(Joseph Gorgon Levitt)的“运动版”。
Silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blond hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt. '
银牌游泳运动员俄罗斯的尤莉亚·埃菲莫娃的皮肤和金发与演员安娜琳·麦科德相仿,而美国球队的内森·艾德里安则被球迷们说成是“约瑟夫·戈尔贡·莱维特的运动版”。
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar head shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特右,有着相似的头部形状和眼睛
Towed women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar facial shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员詹妮弗卡彭特右,有着相似的面部形状和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Sabrina Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员萨布琳娜卡彭特,右,有着相似的脸型和眼睛
Tough women : Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Karen Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
强悍的女人:足球明星希望独奏,左,德克斯特女演员卡伦,右,有相似的脸型和眼睛
Not the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴其他人也看到了相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was extremely pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户对其他人也看到这些相似之处感到非常高兴
Perhaps the only one : One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
或许唯一一个:一个Twitter用户很高兴别人也看到了相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was quite pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很满意其他人也看到了这些相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user seemed very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一位Twitter用户似乎很高兴,其他用户也看到了相似之处
Not the only one : One Twitter user was so pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
不仅如此:一个推特用户很高兴,其他用户也看到了相似之处
Floating a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据这位用户说,也许两人相貌相似是有道理的
Flexing a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
根据这个用户,也许在两人相像的外观背后有一个原因
Folding a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
编造一个理论:根据这个用户,也许在两人相似的外观背后有一个原因
Flinging a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
根据这个用户的说法,也许两个人相貌相似是有道理的
Gloating a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
总结一个理论:根据这个用户,也许在对相似的外观背后有一个原因
Floating a theory : According to this user, perhaps there is a reason for the pair's similar looks
浮游理论:据这位用户说,也许有理由认为这对夫妇的相貌相似
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位Twitter用户最近浏览了网站,宣布她的幸福感,互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One YouTube user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位YouTube用户最近来到这个网站,宣布她快乐,因为互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是一模一样的。
One Facebook user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
Facebook的一位用户最近来到了这个网站,宣布她快乐,因为互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
One internet user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位网民最近来到这个网站,宣布她快乐,其他的网民都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特是完全相同的。
One Internet user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位网民最近来到这个网站,宣布她很幸福,其他的网民都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特实际上是一模一样的。
A Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical. '
一位推特用户最近来到了这个网站,宣布她快乐,互联网上的其他用户都认为希望索洛和詹妮弗卡彭特其实是完全相同的。
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的脸型和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar head shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的头部形状和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar facial shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的面部形状和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar body shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的身体形状和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share remarkably similar face shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着非常相似的脸型和眼睛.
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar nose shapes and eyes.
确实, 美国足球明星和德克斯特女演员有着惊人相似的鼻子形状和眼睛.
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
More popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
更为流行的对比包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other notable comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他值得注意的对比包括凯丽·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Kerri Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Ani Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他的流行比较包括安妮·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Ani Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Jessi Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他流行的比喻包括杰西·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Jessi Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
Other popular comparisons have included Nicki Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
其他流行的比喻包括妮基·沃尔什-詹宁斯(Nicki Walsh-Jennings)和她与演员劳拉·林尼(Laura Linney)的微笑近似,还有赢得金牌的体操运动员加比·道格拉斯(Gabby Douglas)。
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国游泳运动员“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese athlete'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员对中国运动员“像猪一样死去 ” 表示歉意.
Chinese Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
中国奥运评论员对中国游泳运动员“死得像头猪 ” 表示歉意.
The Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
奥运会评论员对中国游泳运动员“死得像只猪 ” 表示歉意.
Beijing Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
北京奥运会评论员对中国游泳运动员“死得像头猪 ” 表示歉意.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes by saying Chinese swimmer'died like a pig '
CBC奥运评论员说中国游泳运动员“死得像头猪 ” 表示歉意.
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 15-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对15岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 16-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对16岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中第四名的成绩进行分析,结果激怒了周三CBC直播的观众
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's seventh place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳分析14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中以激愤的目光观看了周三的CBC实况转播
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's sixth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中以激愤的目光观看了周三的CBC实况转播的分析
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fifth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
拜伦麦克唐纳对14岁的艾燕汉在女子4x200米自由泳接力赛中获第五位的成绩的分析。 周三,美国广播公司(CBC)现场直播的观众对此感到愤慨
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 15-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名15岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 16-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名16岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 17-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'during a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一名评论员说,一名17岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'after a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一位评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在比赛中脱颖而出,像只猪一样死去,因此不得不道歉。
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer'went out like stink'and'died like a pig'before a race.
加拿大广播公司(CBC)的一位评论员说,一名14岁的中国女子游泳运动员在赛跑前脱颖而出,像猪一样地死去,因此不得不道歉。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions near the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he began to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions towards the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳认为,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald said his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
评论家拜伦·麦克唐纳说,当他开始在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时发表自己的看法时,他的麦克唐纳的音乐被关闭了。
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off as he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
在女子4x200米自由泳决赛结束时,拜伦·麦克唐纳认为他的麦克风已经关闭了。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“颜色”可以听到有人说:‘那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝’。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'This little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“彩色”服务,这时,人们可能会听到他说,“这个14岁的中国小男孩把球扔了,宝贝。”
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-old from China got the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“彩色”服务。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-old from China had the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“彩色”服务,这时人们可能会听到他说:‘那个来自中国的14岁小男孩有球,宝贝’。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'That little 14-year-old from China has the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald)被带入中广播公司(CBC)的评语小组,提供“彩色”服务。
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide'color'could be heard saying :'The little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
麦克唐纳(MacDonald),他被带入CBC评论小组,提供“彩色”服务。
Too excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.
太激动了, 出去了像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Too much, went out like stink, died like a pig.
太多, 出去像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Got excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.
兴奋了, 出去了,像臭味一样, 像猪一样死去.
Too old, went out like stink, died like a pig.
太老了, 出去像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Too excited, came out like stink, died like a pig.
太激动了, 出来像臭味, 死了像只猪.
Get excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.
兴奋起来, 出去象臭味, 像猪一样死去.
Thanks for that.
谢谢你。
Except for that.
除此以外。
Not for that.
不是因为那个。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人关闭了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the third leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒拉克,游泳第三腿,让加拿大人关闭了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Rouse, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒劳斯,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人缩小了在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Rudd, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:57,79,161秒比加拿大的泰勒陆克文(Taylor Rudd)慢,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人得以缩小在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Li Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
14岁的中国游泳选手李燕翰在1:57,79-1,61秒的距离比加拿大的泰勒拉克慢,这使加拿大人能够缩小在中国的差距。
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1 : 57. 79-1. 61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Riggs, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
中国游泳运动员艾燕翰,14岁,在1:57,79-1,61秒比加拿大的泰勒里格斯,游泳第二回合,让加拿大人得以弥补在中国的差距。
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by its tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对它的语气和所使用的语言感到震惊之后,在网络上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were slow to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众对使用的语言和语气感到震惊后,在网络上反应迟钝
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked at the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were quick to respond online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,在网上迅速做出反应
Viewers across Canada were forced to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
整个加拿大的观众在对使用的语言和语气感到震惊之后,被迫在网上做出反应
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmet Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
EmmetMacfarlane在Twitter上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did that CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“那个CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say a 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
埃米特·麦克法兰(EmmetMacfarlane)的推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说,中国的一位14岁的游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say that 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
EmmetMacfarlane在Twitter上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说那个14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死了?”
Emer Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China'died like a pig'" ? ? ? ?
麦克法兰(EmerMacfarlane)在推特上说:“CBC的播音员是不是刚刚说这位14岁的中国游泳运动员像猪一样死去?”
The idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到他们还活着. ”
That idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
那个白痴没有意识到他们还活着. ”
The idiot didn't realize we were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到我们还在空中. ”
Poor idiot didn't realize they were still on the air. '
可怜的白痴没有意识到他们还活着. ”
The idiot didn't realize you were still on the air. '
傻子没有意识到你还活着. ”
The idiot didn't know they were still on the air. '
傻子不知道他们还活着. ”
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾燕翰被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Yihan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式继电器决赛中,中国选手艾仪汗被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球投了,宝贝。”
Ai Weihan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳接力决赛中,中国的艾薇汉被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Xiaohan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾晓翰被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Wang Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由泳决赛中,中国的王延翰被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球扔了,宝贝。”
Ai Zhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as :'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby. '
在女子4x200米自由式接力决赛中,中国的艾赞被描述为:“那个14岁的中国人把球投了,宝贝。”
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,许多人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter was thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评很激烈,很多人都叫他出来
Criticism on Twitter ran thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
Twitter上的批评对拜伦·麦克唐纳的抨击越来越激烈,许多人都把他叫出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast to Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
Twitter上的批评对拜伦·麦克唐纳的批评越来越强烈,许多人都把他叫出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast about Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
关于拜伦·麦克唐纳的Twitter上的批评越来越激烈,许多人把他叫出来
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast for Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
在Twitter上对拜伦麦克唐纳的批评越来越激烈,许多人都叫他出来
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户没有隐瞒
Twitter followers did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳是如何敏感时,Twitter的追随者们没有隐瞒
Twitter users could not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当人们听到拜伦·麦克唐纳如何敏感时,Twitter用户无法抑制住
Twitter users did not hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当Twitter用户听到拜伦·麦克唐纳是如何敏感时,他们并没有隐瞒
Many users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
当听到拜伦·麦当劳如此敏感时,许多用户并没有忍住
Twitter users did not hold back as the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
推特的用户没有隐瞒,因为人们听到拜伦麦克唐纳是如何体贴的
Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
另一用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
A twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
一位叫莎拉·帕拉迪斯的用户写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
One twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
一位叫莎拉·帕拉迪斯的用户写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, posted :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
另一用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯发布了: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
Another twitter user, Sarah Mendis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacDonald.
另一用户莎拉·门迪斯写道: “ 哇! 拜伦·麦克唐纳. ”
Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote :'Wow # ByronMacTonald.
另一用户莎拉·帕拉迪斯写道: “ 哇!
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族歧视者。
They represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
他们代表了CBC和加拿大,使我们听起来都像一群种族主义者。
You take the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
你拿下CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all look like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
你代表了CBC和加拿大,让我们看起来像一群种族歧视者。
You use the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
你使用CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族主义者。
You call the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. # disgusted.
你打电话给CBC和加拿大,让我们听起来就像一群种族歧视者。
Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon afterwards, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Shortly after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特?鲁塞尔(Scott Russel)在空中对麦克唐纳(MacDonald)的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, stating :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的史考特·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的评论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon after, Tim Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的蒂姆·鲁塞尔在空中对麦克唐纳的言论表示道歉,他说:“我们对关于游泳表演的评论表示歉意。”
Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying :'I apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air. '
不久之后,主持CBC广播节目的斯科特?鲁塞尔(ScottRussel)就麦克唐纳(MacDonald)的言论在空中道歉,他说:“我对关于一场游泳表演的评论表示歉意。
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It is an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个很不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
That was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened. '
这是一个很不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾事情的发生. ”
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry that happened. '
这是一个不幸的词选, 我们很遗憾发生了这样的事情. ”
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry this happened. '
这是一个很不幸的单词选择, 我们很遗憾发生了这样的事. ”
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're glad it happened. '
这是一个很不幸的单词选择, 我们很高兴它发生了. ”
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
最后,CBC向那些在Twitter上回应这番话的人道歉90多次
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in reaction to the remark
CBC最终向那些在Twitter上对这番话做出回应的人道歉90多次
CBC ended up apologizing more than 30 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
最后,CBC向那些在Twitter上回应这番话的人道歉超过30次
CBC ended up apologizing more than 50 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
CBC最终向那些在Twitter上对这番话做出回应的人道歉50多次
CBC ended up apologizing more than 20 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
最后,CBC向那些在Twitter上回应这番话的人道歉20多次
CBC ended up apologising more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
最后,CBC向那些在Twitter上回应这番话的人致歉90多次
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
研究员,斯科特·鲁塞尔,不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
Another commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
另一位评论家Scott Russel不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
His commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
他的评论家,斯科特·鲁塞尔,不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
One commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
一位评论家Scott Russel不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
A commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
一位评论家,斯科特·鲁塞尔,不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
The commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
评论家斯科特·鲁塞尔不得不代表麦克唐纳道歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的90多个其他用户的道歉
CBC also copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
CBC还复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的90多个其他用户的道歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论的90多个Twitter用户的道歉
CBC then copied and pasted the apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC复制并粘贴了对麦克唐纳评论表示不满的90多个其他用户的道歉
CBC then copied and pasted his apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
CBC随后抄袭了90多个抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户,并向他们致歉
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 100 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
然后,CBC抄袭了另外100多个抱怨麦克唐纳评论的用户,并向他们致歉
The network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发布了一份声明。
the network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发表了一份声明。
The network was also quick to apologize and issued a statement.
网络也很快道歉并发表了一份声明.
The network was then quick to apologize and released a statement.
然后,网络迅速道歉并发布了一项声明。
The network was very quick to apologize and released a statement.
网络很快道歉,并发表了一份声明.
The network was reportedly quick to apologize and released a statement.
据报告,这个网络很快道歉,并发表了一份声明。
We sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
我们对这些言论被发表并被允许播出深感遗憾。
We sincerely regret that those statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
我们对这些言论被发表并被允许播出深感遗憾。
We profoundly regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
我们对这些言论被发表并被允许发表深感遗憾。
We sincerely regret that the statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
我们 真诚 地 感到 遗憾 的 是, 这些 声明 已经 发表, 而且 也 被 允许 公开 发表 。
I sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
我对发表这些言论并被允许公开表示诚挚的歉意。
We sincerely regret that these statements were made, or that they were allowed to go to air.
我们对这些言论被发表或被允许发表表示诚挚的歉意。
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
We went quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚飞快地向空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者道歉。
We acted quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速行动,向空中观众和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
We worked quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速工作,向空中观众和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
We came quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚飞快地来向空中观众和社交媒体上的追随者道歉。
We returned quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
我们昨晚迅速返回,向空中观众和社交媒体的追随者道歉。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
To make clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to him as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与他个人有关。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her being an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她是个个体有关。
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to a swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
To be clear, Byron's comments are related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
很明显,拜伦的评论与游泳运动员的表现有关,而不是与她个人有关。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
说到这里,他们太不合适了,很不幸地选择了几个字,拜伦对他所说的话非常抱歉。
I said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
我说,这些话不合适,很不幸,拜伦对他所说的话深表歉意。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is deeply sorry for what he said.
话虽如此,他们还是不恰当的,对话语的选择也是不幸的,拜伦对他所说的话深表歉意。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is truly sorry for what he said.
话虽如此,他们还是不恰当的,对话语的选择也是不幸的,而拜伦对他所说的话实在是懊悔不已。
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry about what he said.
说到这里,这些话不合适,而且很不幸,拜伦对他所说的话非常抱歉。
That is, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
也就是说,这些话不合适,很不幸,拜伦对他所说的话非常抱歉。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为“攻击”。
On Monday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周一下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是把它理解为人身攻击。
On Sunday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周日下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是把它理解为人身攻击。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air but attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,但试图通过表示他的意思来限制他的话,认为这并非个人攻击。
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and tried to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图将他的话定性为他的意思,说他的意思不是把它理解为人身攻击。
By Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
到周四下午,麦克唐纳在空中道歉,并试图通过表示他的意思来限制他的话,他的意思不是把它解释为人身攻击。
' I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay ,'he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast. '
“我想花点时间为昨晚在女子接力赛后我发表的评论表示歉意,”他在CBC的奥运节目中说。
' I would like to take a minute to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay ,'he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast. '
在CBC的奥运转播节目中,我对昨晚在女子接力赛后发表的评论表示歉意。
' I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the men's relay ,'he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast. '
他在美国广播公司(CBC)的奥运节目中说,我想花点时间为昨晚男子接力后我发表的评论表示歉意。
' I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay ,'she said on CBC's Olympic broadcast. '
她在美国广播公司(CBC)的奥运电视转播节目中说,我想花点时间为我昨晚在女子接力赛后发表的评论表示歉意。
' I would like to take a moment to apologize for a remark that I made last night after the women's relay ,'he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast. '
“我想花点时间为昨晚在女子接力赛后我所说的话道歉,”他在CBC的奥运节目中说。
' I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay ,'he said during CBC's Olympic broadcast. '
“我想花点时间为我昨晚在女子接力赛后发表的评论表示歉意,”他在CBC的奥运广播节目中说。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person. '
我指的是一个游泳运动员的表演,而不是指一个普通人。
' He was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person. '
他指的是一个游泳运动员的表演,而不是指一个个人。
' I was referring to the swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person. '
我指的是游泳运动员的表演,而不是他们作为个人。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to him as a person. '
我指的是游泳运动员的表演,而不是他这个人。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to me as a person. '
我指的是游泳运动员的表演,而不是我个人。
' I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to you as a person. '
我指的是游泳运动员的表演,而不是你这样的人。
' Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry. '
不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉.
' Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm truly sorry. '
毋庸置疑, 没有不尊重的意图,我真的很抱歉.
' Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm deeply sorry. '
不用说,没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉。
' Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm really sorry. '
不用说,没有不尊重的意图,我真的很抱歉。
' Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm genuinely sorry. '
不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉.
' Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm so sorry. '
不用说, 没有不尊重的意图,我非常抱歉.
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
普利马克顾客对在商店中心肆无忌惮地尝试穿内衣的妇女感到愤怒
Primark shopper outraged at girl who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
普利马克顾客对在商店中心肆无忌惮地尝试穿内衣的女孩大发雷霆
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of her shop
普利马克的顾客对在店铺中心肆无忌惮地尝试穿内衣的妇女感到愤怒
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of a shop
普利马克顾客对在商店中心肆无忌惮地尝试穿内衣的妇女大发雷霆
Primark shopper outraged at man who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
普利马克顾客对在商店中心肆无忌惮地尝试穿内衣的人大发雷霆
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the front of the shop
普利马克顾客对在商店门口肆无忌惮地尝试穿内衣的妇女感到愤怒
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一名妇女脱衣去试穿Primark中心店铺的尼克斯时,店主不知道该往哪里看。
Shopkeepers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
女店主不知道该往哪里看,因为一个女店主脱下衣服,在Primark的中间的商店地板上试穿尼克斯。
Shop owners didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
店主不知道在哪里看,当一个女人脱下衣服在普里马克的中间的商店地板上尝试尼克斯。
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on a shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一名妇女脱衣去试穿Primark中心商店地板上的尼克斯时,店主不知道该往哪里看。
Shoppers don't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
买东西的人不知道在哪里看,当一个女人脱下衣服在普里马克的中间的商店地板上试穿尼克斯时。
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman went off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
当一个女人在普里马克市中心商店的地板上试穿尼克斯时,购物者不知道该往哪里看。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一下,把它们从书架上剥下来,然后放回书架上。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, pulled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一番,把他们拉下来放回架子上。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and placed them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把镜片的外观打量了一下,把它们剥下来放回架子上。
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, took them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她把自己的眼神打量了一下,把它们拿下来放回架子上。
To make it even worse, she picked up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
雪上加霜的是,她拾起眼神,把它们剥下来放回架子。
To make things even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
为了让事情变得更糟,她把眼睛的尺寸放大了一下,把它们从书架上剥下来,然后放回书架上。
She carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She kept on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She carried on browsing and eventually tried on three pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了三套内衣。
She carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear in the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通的商店里试穿了四套内衣裤。
She went on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她继续浏览,最终在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店试穿了四套内衣。
She insisted on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
她坚持浏览并最终尝试在布维利广场购物中心,福尔克斯通商店的四对内衣。
The Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通。 在那里,女人尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
The Primark store at Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通。 在那里,女人尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
A Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
位于布韦里广场购物中心Folkestone的Primark商店,该店的女店员尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
The Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before placing them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通。 在那里,女人尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架
the Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通,在那里,女人试穿小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架上
The Primark store in Bouverie Square shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
普里马克商店位于布韦里广场的购物中心,福克斯通,这家店的女店员在尝试买小尼克斯,然后把它们放回货架上
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫珍妮·戴维森的双胞胎母亲在试穿内衣后说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动也不动就走出店门。
The mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的两个母亲珍妮·戴维森在试穿内衣后说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动也不动就走出店门。
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, claimed after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫珍妮·戴维森的双胞胎母亲在试穿内衣后声称,这位神秘女人又穿上衣服,一无所有地走出了店门。
Her mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
她的两个母亲,JennyDavidson,当时在商店里,在试穿内衣后说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动也不动就走出商店。
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said while trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时在店里的一个叫珍妮·戴维森的双胞胎母亲在试穿内衣时说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动不动地走出店门,一动也不动。
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was at the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything. '
当时店里有一位叫珍妮·戴维森的双胞胎母亲,在试穿内衣后,她说,神秘女人又穿上衣服,一动不动地走出店门,一动也不动。
She said :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
He said :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
他说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的. ”
She added :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她补充道: “ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
She wrote :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她写道: “ 人们不相信他们看到的. ”
She says :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的东西. ”
She continued :'People couldn't believe what they were seeing. '
她继续说: “ 人们不相信他们看到的. ”
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
站在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, peeled off her own tights and pants and put them on.
站在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, pulled off her own tights and pants and put them on.
站在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里拿了两只小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she pulled a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
站在店铺的中间,她从橱窗里拉出一双小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers off the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
她站在商店的地板中间,脱下一对小裤袜,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she picked a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
站在商店的地板中间,她从橱窗里摘下一双小裤,脱下自己的紧身裤和裤子,穿上。
' She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it-she just stood there, bold as brass. '
她没有设法找任何地方去小心翼翼地去做--她只是站在那里,胆敢地站在那里。
' She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it-she just sat there, bold as brass. '
她没有设法找任何地方去小心翼翼地去做--她只是坐在那儿,胆大妄为。
' She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it-she just stood there, cool as brass. '
她没有设法找任何地方去小心翼翼地去做--她只是站在那儿,镇定得像铜器一样。
' She didn't try to find somewhere discreet to do it-she just stood there, bold as brass. '
她没有设法找一个小心谨慎的地方去做--她只是站在那儿,胆敢地站在那里。
' She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it-she just stood there, proud as brass. '
她没有设法找任何地方去小心翼翼地去做--她只是站在那里,骄傲得像铜器一样。
' She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it-she just stood there, stiff as brass. '
她没有设法找任何地方去小心翼翼地去做--她只是站在那儿,僵硬得像铜器一样。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she pulled the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
当她再次拉下小裤袜时,每个人都在目瞪口呆,很明显,她不喜欢他们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' I was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
我盯着她,她又拿下小提琴,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them so she put them back on the shelf. '
大家都盯着她,因为她又拿下小提琴,显然不喜欢它们,所以她把它们放回架子上。
' She was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
当她又拿下小提琴的时候,她目瞪口呆,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
' He was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf. '
他盯着她,因为她又把小裤袜拿下来了,显然不喜欢它们,因为她把它们放回架子上。
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也没有喜欢之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did the same with three more pairs until finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
她和另外三条牛仔裤也照样干,直到最后决定她什么也不喜欢,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did the same with two more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也没有喜欢之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did the same with several more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她什么也没有喜欢之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked so she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她没有喜欢的东西之前,她又穿了衣服,走了出去。
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding it was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
在最后决定她不喜欢什么之前,她又穿上衣服走了出来。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy those knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下那些她一直在尝试的尼克斯。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who might eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁可能会最终买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been putting on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在装的尼克斯。
' She didn't seem to care who was looking-or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在寻找,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在尝试的尼克斯。
' She didn't seem to care who was watching-or think about the man who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on. '
她似乎并不在乎谁在看电视,也不在乎谁最终会买下她一直在试穿的牛仔裤。
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊!
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think somebody is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“认为有人会把别人穿的尼克斯带回家是多么恶心啊!
Ms Davidson, 38, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年38岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊!
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers which another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“认为有人会把别人穿的尼克斯带回家,而那些尼克斯却还没有被清洗干净,真恶心。”
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing if they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“认为有人会把夹克带回家是多么恶心啊!
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said :'How disgusting to think anyone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned. '
现年33岁的戴维森女士住在肯特镇,她说:“如果认为有人会把别人穿的尼克斯带回家,而他们还没有被清洗干净,那是多么恶心啊。”
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
那件事发生在星期二下午.
This incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
这件事发生在星期二下午.
The incident happened on Monday afternoon.
这件事发生在星期一下午.
The incident happened on Tuesday morning.
那件事发生在星期二上午.
The incident happened on Wednesday afternoon.
那件事发生在星期三下午.
The incident happened on Friday afternoon.
这件事发生在星期五下午.
Ms Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集到的工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。”
Ms Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after he had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集的工人们显然都试图在他离开后将衣服从售出——这也正是一样。”
Ms Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale when she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集到的员工显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。”
Ms Davidson added :'We gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我们收集到的员工显然都试图在她离开后将衣服从售出——这也正是一样。”
Ms Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale once she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集到的员工显然都试图在她离开后就把衣服从售货店里拿下来——这同样也是一样。”
Ms Davidson added :'I gather the staff apparently attempted to remove the garments from sale after she had left-which is just as well. '
戴维森补充道:“我收集到的工人们显然都试图在她离开后把衣服从售货店里移走,这同样也是一样。”
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个女人穿了,又脱了,他们还没有洗过。
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had slipped them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个女人偷偷穿上,又脱下,而且没有洗干净。
' I'd hate to come home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个女人穿了,又脱了,他们还没有洗过。
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman has put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个女人穿了,又脱了,他们还没有洗过。
' I'd hate to go home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现另一个女人穿了,又脱了,他们还没有洗过。
' I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find a woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed. '
我不愿意带一双新尼克斯回家,发现一个女人穿上了,又脱掉了,他们还没有洗过。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期二在我们的福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident that took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期二在我们的福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Wednesday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期三在我们的福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Friday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期五我们福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Monday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道,星期一8月9日在我们的福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
A Primark spokesman said :'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Thursday August 9. '
普利马克的一位发言人说:普利马克知道8月9日星期四我们福尔克斯通商店发生了一起事件。
All the product in question has been removed from sale.
有关产品已全部从销售中取消.
and the product in question has been removed from sale.
有关产品已被从销售中剔除。
Otherwise the product in question has been removed from sale.
否则,所涉产品已被从销售中剔除。
All the product in question has been withdrawn from sale.
有关产品已全部退出销售.
or the product in question has been removed from sale.
或有关产品已取消销售。
If the product in question has been removed from sale.
如果有关产品已被从销售中清除.
How to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
如何防范使用Krav Maga的枪支袭击
How to defend yourself against gun attacks using Krav Maga
如何防范使用Krav Maga的枪支袭击
How to protect yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
如何使用Krav Maga保护自己免受枪支袭击
How to defend themselves from gun attacks using Krav Maga
如何防范使用Krav Maga的枪支袭击
How to defend yourself from gun attacks with Krav Maga
如何保护自己免受凯拉·马加的枪支袭击
How to defend yourself from physical attacks using Krav Maga
如何利用Krav Maga保护自己免受人身攻击
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com may help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com will help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频会帮助你变得更安全。
It's a dangerous world out there, but the video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你变得更安全。
It's a dangerous world out there, but a video from Dailymail. com might help make it a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你更安全一点。
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail. com might help make things a little safer for you.
外面的世界很危险,但是从Dailymail.com的视频可能会帮助你让事情变得安全一些。
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦祖母Rhon Mizrachi谈过,想了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We spoke to Jhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦祖母Jhon Mizrachi谈过,想了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We talked to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦的瑞恩·米兹拉奇(Rhon Mizrachi)谈过如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We spoke to Riki Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦(Krav Maga Federation)祖母里基·米兹拉奇(Riki Mizrachi)谈过,想了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫者。
We spoke to Rudi Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦的鲁迪·米兹拉奇(Rudi Mizrachi)谈过如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
We spoke to Shon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
我们与总部位于纽约的克拉夫马加联邦的Shon Mizrachi进行了交谈,想了解如何在近距离对付持枪抢劫犯。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动起来。
If you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
如果你从前面或后面被接近,这段视频将告诉你如何在扳手上转动桌子。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will tell you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会告诉你如何把扳手的桌子转动起来。
When you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
当你从前面或后面被接近时,这段视频会告诉你如何在扳手上转动桌子。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your muggers.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会告诉你如何在你的检查器上翻桌子。
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will teach you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
无论你从前面还是后面走近,这段视频都会教你如何在扳手上转动桌子。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果从后面走近,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If attacked from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果来自后方的攻击,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If struck from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果从后面被击中,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If hit from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,如果从后面被击中,首先要做的就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
When approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
瑞斯拉齐说,当从后面走近时,要做的第一件事就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“清除火线”。
If approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see the attacker and'clear the line of fire'.
Mizrachi说,如果从后面走近,要做的第一件事就是转过身来,这样你就能看见攻击者并“扫清火线”。
You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
然后,你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder while hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
然后,你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You then grasp the gun between your wrist and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
然后在手腕和肩膀之间握住枪,然后用自由的肘部击打枪口。
You then grasp the gun between your arm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
然后在手臂和肩膀之间握住枪,然后用自由的肘部击打枪口。
You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before striking them in the face with your free elbow.
然后,你握住枪在前臂和肩膀之间,然后用你的自由肘部击打他们的脸部。
You then grasp the gun between your hand and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
然后,你握住手和肩膀之间的枪,然后用自由的肘部击打他们的脸部。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A kick to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
腹股沟接踵而来,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后后退,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you pull the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖来到腹股沟后面,当攻击者双倍疼痛时,你把枪从他手上拉出来,用桶子敲他的脸部,然后往后倒,将武器瞄准他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him across the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用枪桶猛敲他的脸部,然后往后倒,继续用武器训练他。
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you grab the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
膝盖接过腹股沟,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上抓起枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
A blow to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
腹股沟接踵而来,当攻击者双身疼痛时,你从他手上扭过枪,用桶子打他的脸部,然后背靠背,将武器瞄准他。
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique-get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.
对于从前线靠近的枪手来说,这同样是一种技巧,让你的身体脱离火线,抓起枪,绕过枪,让坏蛋不能开枪。
With gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique-get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.
随着枪手从前线靠近,这也是类似的技术,让你的身体脱离火线,抓起枪并绕过它,这样坏蛋就不会开枪了。
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique-get your body out of the line of fire, take the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.
对于从前线靠近的枪手来说,这同样是一种技巧,让你的身体脱离火线,拿起枪来绕过它,这样坏蛋就不会开枪了。
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique-get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and turn it around so the villain can't fire.
对于从前线走近的枪手来说,这同样是一种技巧,让你的身体脱离火线,抓起枪,让它转过身去,这样坏蛋就不会开枪了。
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique-get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and spin it around so the villain can't fire.
对于从前线靠近的枪手来说,这也是一种类似的技巧——把你的身体从火线外移开,抓起枪,让它旋转,这样坏蛋就不会开枪了。
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique-get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and flip it around so the villain can't fire.
对于从前线靠近的枪手来说,这也是一种类似的技巧——把你的身体从火线上弄出来,抓起枪,然后把它扔掉,这样坏蛋就不会开枪了。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,把重物放在枪上,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后向上指着他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grasp before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举重,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从他手中扭过身来,然后向上指着他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip while backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,把重物放在枪上,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后向上指着他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the stomach, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举重,用拳头猛击攻击者腹部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后向上指着他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the jaw, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
同时,在枪上举重,用拳头猛击攻击者下颚部,然后将枪从手掌中扭过身来,然后向上倒地指着他。
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and aiming it at him.
同时,将重力放在枪上,猛击攻击者胸部,然后将枪从手掌上扭过身来,然后将枪对准他。
Sounds tricky ?
听起来很棘手?
Sounds classy ?
听起来不错?
How tricky ?
多么棘手啊?
Sounds funky ?
听起来真滑稽?
Or tricky ?
还是狡猾?
Too tricky ?
太棘手了?
Check the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
检查一下录像,看看米斯拉奇是如何做到的.
Check the video to see exactly how Azrachi does it.
检查录像,看看阿兹拉奇是如何做到的.
Check the video and see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
检查录像,看看米斯拉奇是如何做的.
Check the video to see exactly how Nazrachi does it.
检查一下录像,看看纳兹拉奇是如何做到的.
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
观看录像,看看米斯拉奇是如何做到的.
Check the video to see exactly how Mazrachi does it.
检查录像,看看马兹拉齐是如何做的.
But remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
但是记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的办法是交出你的钱——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母的话。
And remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
并且记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的出路——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母——是交出你的现金。
But know that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
但是你要知道,从任何抢劫中最安全的办法是交出你的钱——如果你不是克拉夫·马加的祖母的话。
Just remember that the safest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
记住,从任何抢劫中最安全的一条出路——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母——是交出你的钱。
But remember that the surest way out of any mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
但是记住,从任何抢劫中最可靠的办法——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母——是交出你的现金。
But remember that the safest way out of a mugging-if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster-is to hand over your cash.
但是记住,从抢劫中最安全的办法是交出你的钱——如果你不是克拉夫马加的祖母的话。
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭将盐灰、康沃尔市议会的房屋夷为平地
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Devon council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭摧毁了德文郡的盐酸盐议会大楼
Gang of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
暴徒们在被逐出之前摧毁了康沃尔市议会的Saltash
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Kent council house ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭摧毁了肯特省议会的Saltash住房
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council estate ahead of eviction
在被逐出之前,酸奶家庭会破坏康沃尔议会的盐酸盐庄园
Hundreds of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
数百个酸奶在被逐出之前毁坏了康沃尔议会的Saltash
A family of yobs left their council house with £ 50, 000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
在他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出后,一家人离开了他们的议会大厦,损失达5万英镑。
A group of yobs left their council house with £ 50, 000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
在他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出后,一群弱者带着价值5万英镑的财产损失离开了他们的议会大厦。
A couple of yobs left their council house with £ 50, 000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
在他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出国门后,一对弱者带着价值5万英镑的财产损失离开了他们的议会大厦。
A family of yobs left their council house with £ 50, 000 worth of damage when they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
当他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出时,一户瑜伽家带着价值5万英镑的财产损失离开了他们的议会大厦。
A family of yobs left their council house with £ 50, 000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising the neighbours.
在他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出后,一家人离开了他们的议会大厦,损失达5万英镑。
A family of yobs lost their council house with £ 50, 000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
在他们因恐吓邻居而被逐出后,一家人失去了他们议会的房屋,损失达5万英镑。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
Tanya Skeldon和她的伴侣Shaun Trebilcock在Cornwall的Saltash的房产中被逐出,此前,他们曾受到一长串的抱怨。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of allegations against them.
Tanya Skeldon和她的伴侣Shaun Trebilcock在Cornwall的Saltash的财产中被逐出,此前,他们曾受到一长串指控。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, following a long list of complaints against them.
Tanya Skeldon和她的伴侣Shaun Trebilcock被赶出位于CornwallSaltash的房产,此前有一大堆针对他们的投诉。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of their property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
Tanya Skeldon和她的伴侣Shaun Trebilcock在Cornwall的Saltash被赶出了自己的财产,此前他们曾受到一长串的起诉。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of a property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
Tanya Skeldon和她的伴侣Shaun Trebilcock在Cornwall的Saltash被从一处房产中赶出,此前有一大堆针对他们的投诉。
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of threats against them.
Tanya Skeldon和她的伴侣Shaun Trebilcock在Cornwall的Saltash被从财产中踢出,此前他们曾受到一长串威胁。
After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
在他们被强行搬离房产后,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
When they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
当他们被强行搬离房产时,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
After residents were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
在强迫居民搬离房产后,震惊的住房协会官员发现房产处于失修状态。
After tenants were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
房客被强行搬离房屋后,房屋协会官员震惊地发现房屋处于失修状态。
After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked neighborhood associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
在他们被强行搬离财产后,惊吓的邻里协会官员发现这些财产处于失修状态。
After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the building in a state of disrepair.
在他们被强行搬离房产后,震惊的住房协会官员发现该建筑物处于失修状态。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有裂缝,地板被撕开,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The doors were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
门上还留有洞,地板被撕了,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The windows were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
窗户上还留有裂缝,地板被撕开,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn across the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有裂缝,地板被撕开,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were torn up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有洞,地板被撕碎,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The walls were left with gaping holes, cupboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
墙上还留有裂缝,橱柜被撕了,地上堆满了垃圾,墙上涂着涂鸦。
The family have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这个家庭已经搬了家,人们相信他们住在一个私人住所里
The couple have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
这对夫妇现在已经搬了家,据认为他们住在私人住所里
The children have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
孩子们现在已经搬家了,人们相信他们住在一个私人住所里
The two have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
现在,他们俩已经搬了家,并被认为住在一个私人住所里
The family have now been moved on and are thought to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这个家庭已经搬了家,人们认为他们住在一个私人住所里
The family has now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
现在,这个家庭已经搬了家,人们相信他们住在一个私人住所里
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it may be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
Donna McEvoy, property manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房屋(CornwallHouse)的房地产经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)说,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it would be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房屋经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)说,她担心这超出了储蓄范围。
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she believed it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔房(CornwallHouse)房务经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)说,她认为这也许超出了储蓄范围。
Donna McEvoy, housing manager for Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)住房经理唐娜?麦克埃沃(DonnaMcEvoy)表示,她担心这可能会超出储蓄范围。
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 对于这里的人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She replied :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她回答说: “ 对于这里的人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She added :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她补充道: “ 对于这里的人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She continued :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她接着说: “ 对于这里的人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
He said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
他说: “ 对于这里的人来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
She said :'It's been an absolute nightmare for people up here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
她说: “ 对于这里的人们来说,这绝对是一个噩梦,我认为人们不应该这样生活. ”
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的这种属性可能会被不那么好的元素所了解。
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property would probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的这种属性可能是由非同类元素所知道的。
There are a lot of things to weigh up because the property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为Cornwall的属性可能由非同类元素来判断。
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably become known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的这种属性可能会被非同寻常的元素所了解。
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by a not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的一个不太好的元素可能会知道这些属性。
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-too-nice element of Cornwall.
有很多东西值得称量,因为康沃尔(Cornwall)的不太好的元素可能会知道这些属性。
This family are notorious and their name is notorious.
这个家庭臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
Their family are notorious and their name is notorious.
他们的家庭臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This group are notorious and their name is notorious.
这群人臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This family are infamous and their name is notorious.
这个家庭声名狼藉,他们的名字臭名昭著.
The family are notorious and their name is notorious.
这家人臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
This band are notorious and their name is notorious.
这个乐队臭名昭著,他们的名字臭名昭著.
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had four sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有四个儿子,他们间歇地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had two sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有两个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The family had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
家里有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易和过度大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting on the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇性地住在这栋地产里,警察说,他们家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易、大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
The couple had three sons who resided at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
这对夫妇有三个儿子,他们间歇住在地产里,警察说,这个家庭制造的恐怖气氛包括:在街上与棒球棒打斗、恐吓附近居民、吸毒、毒品交易、大喊大叫、争吵和咒骂。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上的名字,在六月被授予反社会行为的命令。
Sneddon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
现年47岁的Sneddon, 被租户称为承租人, 6月份被授予反社会行为的命令.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was issued an antisocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上名, 6月被发出反社会行为的命令.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was granted an antisocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租房时被授予反社会行为的命令。
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial conduct order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上名, 6月被授予反社会行为的命令.
Skeldon, 47, whose name is on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
47岁的Skeldon在租约上名, 6月被授予反社会行为的命令.
Old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房子的一些房间里发现了一些旧的垃圾,这些垃圾可以被拆毁
Some rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房子的几间屋子里发现了一些垃圾,这些垃圾可能会被拆毁
Other rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房屋的几间房里还发现了其他垃圾,这些垃圾可能被拆毁
Much rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房子的几间屋子里发现了许多垃圾,这些垃圾可能会被拆毁
Old rubbish was discovered in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房子的几间屋子里发现了一些旧的垃圾,这些垃圾可能会被拆毁
Old rubbish is found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
在房子的一些房间里发现了一些旧的垃圾,这些垃圾可以被拆毁
Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板在地牢里被拉了起来,过去曾从地牢里处理过毒品
Floorboards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板被拉到地上,过去曾从地上处理过毒品
Floors had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
楼层被拉了起来,过去曾从这些楼层里处理过毒品
Several boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
财产中有几块板子,过去曾从这些板子上处理过毒品
Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, under which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板在地牢里被拉了起来,过去曾根据地板处理过毒品
Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, over which drugs had been dealt in the past
地板在地牢里被拉了起来,过去曾用这些木板来对付过毒品
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were seen fighting on the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours said they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们看到街上发生战斗,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the streets and police were regularly called
邻居们说,人们看到他们在街上打架,警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street as police were regularly called
邻居们说,人们看到他们在街上打架,因为警察经常被叫来
Neighbours say they were spotted fighting in the street and police were regularly called
邻居们说,他们被发现在街上打架,警察经常被叫来
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了该地,给他们延长了11周的期间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property last week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房(Cornwall Housing)上周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了房产,给他们延长了11周的时间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving her an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)于本周将她和她的伴侣强行逐出了该地,让她在长达11周的时间内自愿搬家。
Cornwall House evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔豪宅(Cornwall House)本周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了该房产,给他们延长了11周的期间,让他们自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property that week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔(Cornwall)住房(CornwallHouse)将她和她的伴侣强行逐出了该地,在那周,他们延长了11周的期间,以便自愿搬家。
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an agreed period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
康沃尔住房公司(CornwallHouse)本周强行将她和她的伴侣逐出了该房产,并给他们11周的商定期限,让他们自愿搬家。
The eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
被迁离的邻居们大为欢呼,他们说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
His eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
他被逐出的邻居们大为欢呼,他们都说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives have been made a living hell.
被迁离的邻居们欢呼着他们的驱逐行动,他们称他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was welcomed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
迁离行动受到宽慰的邻居们的欢迎,他们说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was greeted by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
驱赶行动受到宽慰的邻居们的欢迎,他们说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
The eviction was condemned by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
被宽慰的邻居们谴责了这次驱逐行动,说他们的生活已经变成了地狱。
One said :'They didn't care about anybody. '
有人说: “ 他们不关心任何人. ”
One said :'He didn't care about anybody. '
有人说: “ 他不在乎任何人. ”
One says :'They didn't care about anybody. '
有人说: “ 他们不关心任何人. ”
One replied :'They didn't care about anybody. '
一个人回答说: “ 他们不关心任何人. ”
One said :'She didn't care about anybody. '
有人说: “ 她不关心任何人. ”
One said :'We didn't care about anybody. '
有人说: “ 我们不在乎任何人. ”
We lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们和他们住在一起20年了,一直很糟。
We worked next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们和他们一起工作了20年,结果一直很糟糕。
We sat next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们坐在他们身边20年了,一直很糟。
I lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我和他们住在一起20年了,一直很糟。
We were next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们跟在他们后面20年了,一直很糟。
We live next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
我们和他们住在一起20年了,一直很糟。
The amount of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数多得难以置信。
The number of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数真让人难以置信。
The amount of times we've seen the police out here is unbelievable.
我们在这里看到警察的次数多得难以置信。
The amount of times we've seen the police in here is unbelievable.
我们见过这里的警察多少次,真是难以置信。
The amount of times we've seen the police around here is unbelievable.
我们在这附近看到警察的次数实在令人难以置信。
The amount of times I've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
我在这里看到警察的次数多得难以置信。
' This morning, we couldn't sleep. '
今早,我们睡不着。
' This morning, we didn't sleep. '
今天早晨,我们没有睡觉。
' This afternoon, we couldn't sleep. '
今天下午,我们睡不着。
' This morning, I couldn't sleep. '
今天早晨,我睡不着。
' This morning, we can't sleep. '
今天早晨我们睡不着。
We got up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们起床是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We woke up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们醒来是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We went up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们上去是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯了!
We came up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们上来是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We got up because it was so quiet there-we're not used to that !
我们起床是因为那里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
We split up because it was so quiet here-we're not used to that !
我们分手是因为这里太安静了,我们不习惯那个!
It's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.
既然他们终于离开了,那会很可爱的。
Everything's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.
既然他们终于走了,一切都会很美丽。
She's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.
既然他们都走了,她一定会很可爱的。
It's going to be lovely now that you're finally gone.
你终于走了,感觉真好。
It's going to be lovely now that they've finally gone.
既然他们终于走了,那会很可爱的。
It's going to be lovely now that they're all gone.
既然他们都走了,那会很可爱的。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, claimed the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
Cornwall Housing的街区执行经理Adam Fitzpatrick声称,这家人没有与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family refused to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,这家人拒绝与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with their local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,这家人没有与当地政府合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family agreed to cooperate with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)街区执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,该家族同意与地方当局合作。
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to comply with the local authority.
康沃尔住房(CornwallHouse)的街坊执行经理亚当?菲茨帕特里克(AdamFitzpatrick)表示,这家人没有遵从地方当局。
The family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住过20年,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The couple have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
这对夫妇已经在这所房子里住过20年了,警察经常叫他们到那所房子去
The family have lived at the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住过20年,警察经常叫人到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house over 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
这家人住在这所房子里已有20多年了,警察经常叫人到那所房子里去
His family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
他的家人已经在这所房子里住过20年,警察经常叫人到那所房子去
The family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police often called to the property
这家人在这所房子里住了20年,警察经常叫人来管房产
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
Rubbish and old toys had been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
Rubbish and abandoned toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和废弃的玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
Rubbish and plastic toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾玩具和塑料玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
Rubbish and old toys have been dumped down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和旧玩具被倾倒在议会大楼的畸形侧面
Rubbish and discarded toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
垃圾和丢弃的玩具被扔到了议会大楼的畸形一边
He added :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他补充称:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
She added :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
她补充称:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He added :'It is a pity that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他补充称:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He added :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family because eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他补充称:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He added :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to take any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他补充称:"遗憾的是,租户没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐总是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
He stated :'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
他说:'遗憾的是,承租人没有为她及其家人的行为承担任何责任,因为驱逐一直是康沃尔住房公司考虑的最后行动方针。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
It was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 例子, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This is a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case because the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 必然 使 她 的 邻居 感到 可怕, 难以 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions may have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 情况, 因为 这种 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行动 可能 使 她 的 邻居们 不敢 目睹 。
This was a very difficult case as their behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
这 是 一 个 非常 困难 的 例子, 因为 他们 的 行为 是 极端 的, 他们 的 行为 必然 使 她 的 邻居 不敢 目睹 。
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我欣赏我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
We appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我们赞赏我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to offer us information.
我对我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作表示赞赏。
I appreciate all the work which has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我欣赏我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及勇敢地前来向我们提供信息的社区成员所做的一切工作。
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of our community who bravely came forward to give us information.
我对我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及我们社区的成员所做的一切工作表示赞赏,他们勇敢地前来向我们提供信息。
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely stepped forward to give us information.
我对我的团队、德文郡和康沃尔警方以及社区成员所做的一切工作表示赞赏,他们勇敢地向前走,向我们提供信息。
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I hope that this development will offer some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将为邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I hope that this development will bring some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I hope that this development will provide some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将为邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不容容忍反社会行为。
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours but sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,但会发出一个信息,即反社会行为不会被容忍。
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour should not be tolerated.
我希望,这一事态发展将给邻国带来一些安慰,并发出一个信息,即不应容忍反社会行为。
Mr Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick先生说,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
Mr Fitzpatrick said that the four sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick先生说,这四个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在这栋地产里,但他们都已经20多岁了。
Mrs Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
菲茨帕特里克夫人说,三个儿子都曾在不同的时间住在那所房子里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
Mr Fitzpatrick stated that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick先生说,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在这栋地产里,但他们都在20多岁的时候了。
Mr Fitzpatrick confirmed that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick先生证实,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在这栋地产,但是他说他们都20多岁了。
Mr Fitzpatrick claimed that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
Fitzpatrick先生声称,这三个儿子都在不同的时间住在这栋地产里,但是他说,他们都20多岁了。
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
迁出后,屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块脏兮兮的床垫
A discarded mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
迁出后,被丢弃的床垫留在房屋内一个卧室的地板上
A used mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
迁出后,房屋内一间卧室的地板上留下的旧床垫
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house before the eviction
驱赶前,屋内一间卧室的地板上还剩下一块脏兮兮的床垫
The dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
被逐出后,脏床垫留在房屋内一个卧室的地板上
A dirty mattress found on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
搬迁后,在房屋内一个卧室的地板上发现了一个脏兮兮的床垫
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
房屋工人现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing authorities will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
房屋管理部门现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing associations will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
房屋协会现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing developers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
房屋开发商现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish that surround the house
房屋工人现在不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
Housing workers would now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
现在,房屋工人不得不清理房屋周围的一堆堆垃圾
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £ 1, 700 in cash.
2014年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
In 2015, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £ 1, 700 in cash.
2015年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平(parphelinia)和1,700英镑现金。
In 2013, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £ 1, 700 in cash.
2013年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
In 2012, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £ 1, 700 in cash.
2012年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
In 2016, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £ 1, 700 in cash.
2016年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
In 2011, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £ 1, 700 in cash.
2011年,警方突袭了该财产,发现了70多克大麻和天平、便服和1,700英镑现金。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有B类毒品,意图供应毒品。
Sneddon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
Sneddon在承认拥有B类毒品并意图供货后被处以罚款。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a class B drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有B类药物,意图供应。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class C drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有C类药物,意图供应。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class D drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在认罪后被罚款,罪名是持有一种D类药物,意图供应毒品。
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class A drug with intent to supply.
Skeldon在承认拥有A类毒品并意图供应后被处以罚款。
She claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她声称,这笔钱是她儿子Lee Skeldon的墓碑上的,她的儿子在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
She said the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她说,这笔钱正朝着她儿子李·斯克尔敦的墓碑走去,李·斯克尔敦在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
She stated the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她说,这笔钱正朝着她儿子李·斯克尔敦的墓碑走去,李·斯克尔敦在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
She claimed the money was going towards a headstone to her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她声称,这笔钱正流向2013年死于车祸的儿子Lee Skeldon的墓碑。
She claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
她声称,这笔钱是她儿子Lee Skeldon的墓碑上的,她的儿子在2013年的车祸中丧生。
She claimed the money was going towards a tombstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
她声称,这笔钱将用于她儿子Lee Skeldon的墓碑,Lee Skeldon在2013年的一次车祸中丧生。
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
Despite being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
尽管无家可归,但据了解Tanya及其伴侣目前居住在普利茅斯的私人住房中。
Since being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
由于无家可归,据了解Tanya及其伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are currently living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya及其伴侣目前住在普利茅斯的私人住房中。
After being declared homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在被宣布无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的伴侣现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her husband are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
在无家可归之后,据了解Tanya和她的丈夫现在住在普利茅斯的私人住房里。
The walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子的许多房间的墙上都涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled on them.
房子的许多房间的墙上都涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of several of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子几间屋子的墙上涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of most of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子大部分房间的墙上都涂满了涂鸦。
The walls in many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子许多房间的墙上都涂满了涂鸦。
The walls of some of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
房子的一些房间的墙上涂满了涂鸦。
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police said they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police say they will attempt to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将试图驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Residents say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
居民们表示,他们将设法驱逐那些藐视租约规定的房客
Police say they would seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Police say they will try to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
警方说,他们将设法驱逐那些蔑视租赁规则的房客
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·克劳说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants to continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·克劳说,驱逐行动明确警告其他房客继续违反规定。
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the evictions sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·克劳说,这些驱逐行动对继续违反规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to potential tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·克劳说,驱逐行动向那些继续藐视规定的潜在租户发出了明确的警告。
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a strong warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡警方和康沃尔警方的安吉拉·克劳说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了强烈警告。
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Council, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
德文郡和康沃尔市议会的安吉拉·克劳说,驱逐行动对继续藐视规定的其他房客发出了明确的警告。
' This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为的人以及被这种行为所害的人来说, 也是如此.
' It sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她表示, 它不仅向那些认为自己可以不受责备地表现自己的人, 而且向那些被这种行为所伤害的人发出.
' He sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
“ 他把那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为的人, 以及被这种行为所害的人, ” 她说.
' She sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'she said.
她向那些认为自己行为举止不受责备的人, 以及被这种行为所害的人伸出援手, ” 她说.
' This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour ,'he said.
他说, 这对那些认为自己可以无责无悔的行为, 以及被这种行为所害的人来说.
' This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behavior ,'she said.
她说, 这对那些认为自己可以无责无悔地表现自己的人, 以及被这种行为所伤害的人来说, 也是如此.
Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍犯罪和反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作保护我们的社区。
Criminal or antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍犯罪或反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作保护我们的社区。
Dangerous and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不会容忍危险和反社会的行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作保护我们的社区。
Drugs and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍毒品和反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作,保护我们的社区。
Violence and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍暴力和反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作,保护我们的社区。
Sexual and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
德文郡和康沃尔警方绝不容忍性行为和反社会行为,他们将继续与合作伙伴合作,保护我们的社区。
Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid said Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton would stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid and Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
如果当选,里德和克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Reid says Clinton should stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
里德说,如果当选,克林顿应该支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
He says Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
他说,如果当选,克林顿将支持加兰作为最高法院的提名人
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)为最高法院法官。
House Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
众议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰(Merrick Garland)为最高法院法官。
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court when she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,民主党总统候选人希拉里?克林顿(Hillary Clinton)将在当选总统后提名梅里克?
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院多数党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里?克林顿(Hillary Clinton)将向最高法院提名梅里克?
Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院少数党领袖雷德说,他深信民主党总统候选人希拉里·克林顿将提名麦里克·加兰法官进入最高法院,如果她当选总统的话。
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton would nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
参议院民主党领袖雷德(Harry Reid)说,他深信,如果当选总统,民主党总统候选人希拉里?克林顿(Hillary Clinton)将向最高法院提名梅里克?
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自奥巴马总统3月份提名加兰后,参议院共和党就一直阻挠加兰的任命.
Senate Democrats have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自从奥巴马总统3月份提名加兰后,参议院的民主党人已经阻止了加兰的提名。
House Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自奥巴马总统3月份提名加兰后,众议院共和党就一直阻挠加兰的任命.
Congressional Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自奥巴马总统3月份提名加兰后,国会共和党就一直阻挠加兰的任命.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in August.
自奥巴马总统8月份提名加兰后,参议院共和党就一直阻挠加兰的任命.
The Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
自从奥巴马总统3月份提名加兰后,共和党就一直阻挠加兰的任命.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院少数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
House Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
众议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president should choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔说,下届总统应该选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔宣布下届总统将选择接替已故最高法院法官安东尼奥·斯卡利亚的人选。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿会选择加兰,这在一定程度上是可信的。
Reid stated on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预测克林顿会选择加兰,“有一定的可信度”。
Reid announced on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上宣布,他预言克林顿会选择加兰,这在一定程度上是可信的。
Reid said in a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德在周四的一次电话会议上说,他预测克林顿会选择加兰,“有一定的可信度”。
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton would pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德周四在电话会议上说,他预言克林顿会选择加兰“有一定程度的可信度”。
Reid said during a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland " with some degree of credibility. "
里德在周四的一次电话会议上说,他预测克林顿会选择加兰,“有一定的可信度”。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈论她是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland but was speculating.
里德的一位发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈论她是否提名加兰,而是在投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not talked to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿讨论克林顿是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton personally about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有亲自与克林顿谈克林顿是否提名加兰并进行投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later stated he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他没有直接与克林顿谈论她是否提名加兰,并进行投机。
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton yet about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
里德的一位女发言人后来说,他还没有和克林顿谈过她是否提名加兰并进行投机。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Garland but said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,但是克林顿的球队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team did not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队并不想用新的选择“摇船”。
He defended Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他为加兰辩护,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He endorsed Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " with a new pick.
他支持加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会想用新的选择“摇船”。
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to " rock the boat " for a new pick.
他称赞加兰,并说克林顿的团队不会“摇船”的新选择。
Garland is the chief judge for the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
加兰是美国上诉法院哥伦比亚区巡回法院首席法官。
Garland was the chief judge for the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
加兰是美国上诉法院哥伦比亚区巡回法院首席法官。
Garland became the chief judge for the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
加兰成为美国上诉法院哥伦比亚区巡回法院首席法官。
Garland is the chief judge on the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
加兰是美国上诉法院哥伦比亚区巡回法院的首席法官。
Garland is the chief judge of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
加兰是美国上诉法院哥伦比亚区巡回法院首席法官。
He is the chief judge for the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
他是美国上诉法院哥伦比亚区巡回法院首席法官。
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid says Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Democratic presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是民主党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid said Democrats who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的民主党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid said Republicans that are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are " minions " and " enablers " of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
里德说,阻挠加兰提名的共和党人是共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的“附庸者”和“使能者”。
He said Trump is unfit for office.
他说特朗普不适合任职。
She said Trump is unfit for office.
她说特朗普不适合任职。
He says Trump is unfit for office.
他说特朗普不适合任职。
He believes Trump is unfit for office.
他认为特朗普不适合任职。
They said Trump is unfit for office.
他们说特朗普不适合任职。
He claims Trump is unfit for office.
他声称特朗普不适合任职。
Treats says nude calendar for'women, as well as men '
“ 女人和男人的裸体日历”怎么说?
Trotts says nude calendar for'women, as well as men '
Trotts说,“女人和男人都是裸体的. ”
Trosts says nude calendar for'women, as well as men '
“ 妓女”说,“女人和男人都是裸体的日历. ”
Travets says nude calendar for'women, as well as men '
旅行支票上说,“女人和男人都是裸体的. ”
Treats says nude calendar includes'women, as well as men '
Treats说,裸历中除了男人外还包括 “ 女人 ”
Treat says nude calendar for'women, as well as men '
对待“女人”和“男人”说“裸历 ”
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
Treats杂志与摄影师David Bellenmere合作,推出了一个2017年由Pirelli灵感创下的2017年日历。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-styled calendar for 2017.
Treats杂志与摄影师David Bellenmere合作,推出了2017年的Pirelli日历。
Traits magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《特蕾丝》杂志与摄影师大卫·贝尔米尔合作,推出2017年的《皮雷利》杂志。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-style calendar for 2017.
Treats杂志与摄影师David Bellenmere合作,推出了2017年的Pirelli式日历。
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to release a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《善待》杂志与摄影师大卫·贝尔米尔合作,推出了2017年的《皮雷利》杂志。
Treats magazine is teaming with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s'Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
《治疗》杂志与摄影师大卫·贝尔默联手推出2017年的《皮雷里》杂志。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是在为2017年NUMUS日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 MU Muses calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是开始为他们的2017MUMUS日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 VU Muses calendar.
但是,他们不是著名的裸体人,而是开始为2017年的VU Muses日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
So instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
因此,他们开始寻找2017年NUMUS日历的下一代顶级模特,而不是著名的裸体人。
And instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
而不是著名的裸体人,他们开始为他们的2017年NUMUS日历寻找下一代的顶级模特。
Now instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
现在,他们不再去寻找著名的裸体人,而是去寻找他们2017年NUMUS日历的下一代最佳模特。
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席史蒂夫肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体重型杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Treats president Steve Shaw informed us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
治疗主席史蒂夫肖今年早些时候通知我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志与老学校的花花公子不同,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Traits president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
崔茨总裁史蒂夫·肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志与老学校的花花公子不同,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
Tracts president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
地产总裁史蒂夫·肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体厚重的杂志与老学校的花花公子不同,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his male-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席史蒂夫肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的男性重型杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是男人的”。
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-oriented magazine differs from old-school Playboys because " Playboy is for men. "
对待主席史蒂夫肖今年早些时候告诉我们,他的裸体杂志不同于老学校的花花公子,因为“花花公子是适合男人的”。
I do this for women.
我这样做是为了女人。
We do this for women.
我们这样做是为了妇女。
I did this for women.
我这样做是为了女人。
You do this for women.
你这样做是为了女人。
I do it for women.
我这样做是为了女人。
I do that for women.
我这样做是为了女人。
Apparently he thinks the calendar is, too.
很明显,他认为日历也是一样。
Apparently she thinks the calendar is, too.
显然,她认为日历也是一样。
Apparently he thinks the calendar does, too.
很明显,他认为日历也是这样。
Maybe he thinks the calendar is, too.
也许他认为日历也是一样。
So he thinks the calendar is, too.
所以他认为日历也是一样。
And he thinks the calendar is, too.
他认为日历也是一样。
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性一样的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体,在这种裸体中,女性和男性都感到舒适,并受到女性身体这些形象的启发。”
" I need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说,“我需要回到那些让女性和男性都感到舒适和受女性身体这些形象鼓舞的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体中去。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw stated in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性一样的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体,在这种裸体中,女性和男性都感到舒适,并受到女性身体这些形象的启发。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity so women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出永恒和经典的裸体,这样,女性和男性都能从女性身体的这些形象中得到安慰和灵感。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female form, " Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
肖在一份宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要重新展现出女性和男性一样的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体,让她们感到舒适,并受到女性形象的启发。”
" We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body, " Shaw said in the press release announcing the calendar.
肖在宣布日历的新闻稿中说:“我们需要回到那些让女性和男性都感到舒适和受女性形象启发的无时无刻不刻和经典的裸体世界。”
Women will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
女性会希望成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women should want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
女性应该希望成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women also want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
女性也希望成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women really want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
女性确实希望成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Women will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful work of art.
女人们会想成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一件漂亮的艺术品。
People will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
人们会想成为这个项目的一部分,因为这是一幅漂亮的艺术作品。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特们可以在网上或亲自在公开的电话中提交图片。
Models may submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特儿可以在线或亲自在公开的点播会上提交图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles or New York.
在洛杉矶或纽约,模特可以在线或亲身在公开的铸造电话中提供图片。
Models can submit pics online or in person at online casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特儿可以在网上或亲自在网上接听投影电话时提交图片。
Actors can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,演员可以在线或亲自在公开的点播会上提交图片。
Models can submit pics online and in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
在洛杉矶和纽约,模特可以在线和亲身在公开的铸造电话中提供图片。
Greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland rabbit is longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰兔是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland fox is longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰狐是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland pig is longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰猪是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland wolf is longest-living vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰狼是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Greenland shark is longest-lived vertebrate animal-video report
格陵兰鲨是寿命最长的脊椎动物视频报告
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家说,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists believe the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家认为,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists estimate the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家估计,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Researchers say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
研究人员说,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Some say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
有些人说,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物最长的。
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the shortest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
科学家说,格陵兰鲨的寿命是地球上任何脊椎动物的寿命最短的。
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is two metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,一只雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,身长2米
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 470 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在470岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 480 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在480岁至512岁之间,长5米
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is 5 metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在272岁至512岁之间,身长5米
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 490 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
研究过鲨鱼的朱利叶斯·尼尔森说,有记录显示,雌性鲨鱼的年龄在490岁至512岁之间,长5米
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish shops in Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的投标
French court rejects bid to demolish buildings at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回拆除丛林难民营建筑的投标
French court rejects request to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国法院驳回了拆毁丛林难民营商店的请求
French government rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国政府拒绝拆除丛林难民营商店的投标
French Government rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
法国政府拒绝拆除丛林难民营商店的投标
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林难民营内成千上万难民居住的几十间临时商店和餐馆的投标。
A German court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家德国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林营区数十间临时商店和餐馆的要求。 丛林营区有数千名难民居住在那里。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish hundreds of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来州当局提出的拆除丛林营地数百间临时商店和餐馆的要求,那里有数千名难民居住。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants at the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林营地数十间临时商店和餐馆的要求,那里有数千名难民居住。
A local court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家地方法院拒绝了加莱当局提出的拆除丛林难民营内成千上万难民居住的几十间临时商店和餐馆的投标。
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish thousands of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
一家法国法院拒绝了加来当局提出的拆除丛林营地数千间临时商店和餐馆的要求。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
In a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应该能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几口欧的零食。
During a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的一次庭审中,加莱州当局称,国家应该能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 45 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应该能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以45美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几口欧的零食。
At the court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的庭审中,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以50美分的价格(40便士)卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几分钱的基本膳食。
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for forty cents ( 40p ) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
在本周的法院听证会上,加莱州当局称,国家应当能够淘汰营地内共72家临时商店,在这些商店里,人们出售商品,从香烟到能量饮料,提供发型,或以40美分的价格卖茶叶,或在临时餐馆里卖几口欧币。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished as they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该被拆毁,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
The Calais prefect's office argued these places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,应当拆毁这些场所,因为它们代表着不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
The Calais Prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
加来州省长办公室认为,这些地方应该被拆毁,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they posed fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们造成了火灾和卫生风险。
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they presented fire and sanitation risks.
加莱省省长办公室认为,这些地方应该拆除,因为它们代表着一种不纳税的平行经济,还因为它们带来了火灾和卫生风险。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 十分 重要, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 食物 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 十分 重要, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食 无法 为 难民营 中 人数 日增 的 人 提供 足够 的 食品 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups could not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭, 商店 和 餐馆 十分 重要, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食 无法 为 难民营 中 人数 日增 的 人 提供 足够 的 食品 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the increasing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭 说, 商店 和 餐馆 是 至关重要 的, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals provided by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人道主义 团体 告诉 法庭 说, 商店 和 餐馆 十分 重要, 他们 说, 一 个 国家 支持 的 协会 和 其他 团体 免费 提供 的 伙食, 不足 以 供 难民营 内 人数 日增 的 人 食用 。
Human rights groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
人权组织曾告诉法院,商店和餐馆至关重要,他们表示,一个由政府支持的协会和其他团体免费提供的膳食没有为难民营中越来越多的人提供足够的食物。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals for those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often offered shelter and free meals to those in need.
他们认为临时商店和餐馆经常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
Others argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
其他人则认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
He argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
他认为临时商店和餐馆经常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
Some argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
有些人认为临时商店和餐馆常常为有需要的人提供住所和免费膳食。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但是他说,加来州长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
The Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
里尔法庭裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但是他说,加来州长的担忧是完全可以理解的。
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were completely understandable. "
里尔的一家法院裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的老板没有法律依据,但是他说,加来州州长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
A French court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
一家法国法院裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的经营人没有法律依据,但表示加来州州长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
A local court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
当地一家法院裁定,驱逐72家临时商店的运营者没有法律依据,但表示加来州州长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
A lower court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns " were totally understandable. "
一家下级法院判定,驱逐72家临时商店的运营者没有法律依据,但该州州长的担忧“完全可以理解”。
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
法官让-弗朗索瓦·莫拉说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物要大得多。
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in very precarious conditions. "
法官让-弗朗索瓦·莫拉说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅给那些“生活非常危险”的人喂食要大得多。
The judge, Jean-Michel Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
法官Jean-MichelMolla说,这些杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅给那些“生活极度危险”的人喂食要大得多。
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants play a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
法官让-弗朗索瓦·莫拉说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物要大得多。
The judge, Jean-Pierre Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
法官Jean-PierreMolla说,这些杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅为那些“生活极度危险”的人提供食物要大得多。
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants had a much bigger role than simply feeding people that " live in extremely precarious conditions. "
法官让-弗朗索瓦·莫拉说,食品杂货店、咖啡馆和餐馆的作用比仅仅给那些“生活极度危险”的人喂食要大得多。
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
She said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
她说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
He believed the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他认为,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
He said these spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
They said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他们说,这些空间为难民和志愿者提供了平静的交汇点。
He felt the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
他感到,这些空间为难民和志愿者之间提供了平静的交汇点。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors at the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe that is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides four meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供四餐、英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides three meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供三餐、英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition is the camp's Jungle Book Kids " Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
受到破坏威胁的地方之一是营地的丛林书儿童咖啡屋,该咖啡屋是非营利性的,每天提供200顿饭,开设英语和法语课程,并为难民营中数百名易受伤害的孤身未成年人提供庇护建议。
More than 170, 000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了一份保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 100, 000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids " cafe.
超过10万人签署了保护孩子的“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 10, 000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids " cafe.
1000多人签署了一份保护孩子的“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 1, 000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids " cafe.
1000多人签署了一份保护孩子的“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed the petition to protect the kids " cafe.
超过17万人签署了保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
More than 170, 000 people have signed this petition to protect the kids " cafe.
已有超过17万人签署了保护儿童“咖啡馆”的请愿书。
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A statement sent to the Guardian said its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一份寄给卫报的声明中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian claimed its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信宣称,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian stated its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian suggested its closure " would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信暗示,封建“会给这些孩子带来灾难,其中一些孩子只有八岁。”
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure " will be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight. "
一封写给《卫报》的信中说,封杀这些孩子“将是一场灾难,他们中有一些只有八岁。”
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数急剧增长之后人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a sharp increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数剧增之后人数最多的一次。
Two NGOs, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
援助难民和移民联盟这两个非政府组织星期五估计,丛林难民营的人数已增加到9 000人以上,这是夏季抵达人数急剧增加之后人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a dramatic increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,援助难民组织和移民协会(L'Auberge des Guigrants)估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季抵达人数剧增之后人数最多的一次。
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals in the summer.
上周五,两个名为帮助难民组织和移民组织(L'Auberge des Guigraners)的慈善机构估计,丛林难民营的人数已经上升至9000人以上,是夏季来临时急剧增加以来人数最多的一次。
Two websites, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9, 000 people-the highest ever-after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
上周五,两个网站“帮助难民”和“移民”估计丛林营地的人数已经上升至9000人以上,这是夏季来临时急剧增加以来人数最多的一次。
" This 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
这五千元的补贴解决了我急需钱的问题。
" The 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
5000元的补贴解决了我急需资金的问题。
" A 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
5000元的补贴解决了我急需资金的问题。
" This 10, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
这10000元的补贴解决了我急需钱的问题。
" Your 5, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
您的5000元补贴解决了我急需钱的问题。
" This 500, 000-yuan subsidy solved the problem of my pressing need for money. "
这笔50万元的补贴解决了我急需资金的问题。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Yule Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县裕乐镇米埔村贫困女童,她收到了华南大学的录取通知书。
Liu Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
华远县昌乐镇米埔村贫困女童刘芬收到了华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Dapo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是华远县昌乐镇大埔村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Chen Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Huayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
陈芬是华远县昌乐镇米坡村贫困女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
Zhou Fen, a girl who was registered in the poverty-stricken file of Mipo Village, Changle Town, Jiayuan County, received the letter of admission from University of South China.
周芬是一名登记在嘉源县昌乐镇米埔村贫困档案中的女童,收到华南大学的录取通知书。
On August 9, when she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League timely offered her a 5, 000-yuan subsidy.
8月9日,当她担心学费时,共青团县委会及时向她提供了5000元的补贴。
On July 9, when she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League timely offered her a 5, 000-yuan subsidy.
七月九日,当她担心学费时,共青团县委会及时给了她五千元的补贴。
On April 9, when she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League timely offered her a 5, 000-yuan subsidy.
4月9日,当她担心学费时,共青团县委会及时向她提供了5000元的补贴。
On May 9, when she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League timely offered her a 5, 000-yuan subsidy.
5月9日,当她担心学费时,共青团县委会及时向她提供了5000元的补贴。
On June 9, when she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League timely offered her a 5, 000-yuan subsidy.
6月9日,当她担心学费时,共青团县委会及时向她提供了5000元的补贴。
On March 9, when she was worried about the tuition, the county committee of the Communist Youth League timely offered her a 5, 000-yuan subsidy.
3月9日,当她担心学费时,共青团县委会及时向她提供了5000元的补贴。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled RMB 2. 838 million to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38万元的助学金。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled RMB 3. 838 million to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了38.38万元的助学金。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled RMB 1. 838 million to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了18.38万元人民币的补助。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled RMB 2. 837 million to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.37万元的助学金。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled RMB 2. 838 million for over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.38万元的助学金。
Recently, the related county government department has provided a subsidy totaled RMB 2. 839 million to over 690 poverty-stricken college students.
近日,国家有关部门共向690多名贫困大学生提供了28.39万元人民币的补助。
Meanwhile, it has organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them complete their studies.
同时,它还组织社会筹款活动,帮助经济情况极差的学生完成学业。
Moreover, it has organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them complete their studies.
此外,它还为经济条件极差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
Meanwhile, it has organized social fund-raising for students who are very poor in financial status to help them complete their studies.
同时,它还组织社会筹款活动,帮助经济情况很差的学生完成学业。
Besides, it has organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them complete their studies.
此外,它还为经济条件极差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
Furthermore, it has organized social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them complete their studies.
此外,它还为经济条件极差的学生组织社会筹款活动,帮助他们完成学业。
Meanwhile, it has organised social fund-raising for students who are extremely poor in financial status to help them complete their studies.
同时,它还组织社会筹款活动,帮助那些经济情况极差的学生完成学业。
This year, Huayuan County collected more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县募集教育经费1850多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
This year, Huayuan County collected more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 1. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县募集教育经费1850多万元,自募资金150多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
This year, Huayuan County collected more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 4. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县募集教育经费1850多万元,自募资金450多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
This year, Huayuan County collected more than RMB 18. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 7. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县募集教育经费1850多万元,自募资金750多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
This year, Huayuan County collected more than RMB 5. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县募集教育资金550多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
This year, Huayuan County collected more than RMB 4. 5 million of educational funds and self-raised more than RMB 2. 5 million, which will be injected into the real-name bank accounts of the corresponding students.
今年,华远县募集教育资金450多万元,自募资金250多万元,将投入相应学生的实名银行帐户。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot attend college after my father passed away. Unexpectedly, the county government offered us subsidies so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥不能上大学了,没想到县政府这么及时地给了我们补贴。
" We thought my elder brother and I cannot attend college after my father passed away. Unexpectedly, the county government offered us subsidies so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我们想我和哥哥不能上大学,没想到县政府这么及时地给了我们补贴。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot attend college after our father passed away. Unexpectedly, the county government offered us subsidies so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世后,我和我哥哥不能上大学了,没想到县政府这么及时地给了我们补贴。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot attend college since my father passed away. Unexpectedly, the county government offered us subsidies so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世以后,我以为我和哥哥不能上大学了,没想到县政府这么及时地给了我们补贴。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot attend college because my father passed away. Unexpectedly, the county government offered us subsidies so timely. " She said gratefully.
我认为我和哥哥不能上大学是因为我父亲去世了,没想到县政府这么及时地给了我们补贴。
" I thought my elder brother and I cannot attend college as my father passed away. Unexpectedly, the county government offered us subsidies so timely. " She said gratefully.
父亲去世时,我以为我和哥哥不能上大学,没想到县政府这么及时地给了我们补贴。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than RMB 21 million for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students from various relief funds this first half year.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年从各种救济基金共向13,140名贫困学生筹集了超过2,100万元人民币。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than RMB 21 million for 3, 140 poverty-stricken students from various relief funds this first half year.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年从各种救济基金共向3,140名贫困学生筹集了2,100多万元人民币。
As of August 8, Huayuan County had raised more than RMB 21 million for 2, 140 poverty-stricken students from various relief funds this first half year.
截至8月8日,华远县今年上半年从各种扶贫基金共为2,140名贫困学生筹集了2,100多万元人民币。
As of October 8, Huayuan County had raised more than RMB 21 million for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students from various relief funds this first half year.
截至10月8日,华远县今年上半年从各种救济基金共向13,140名贫困学生筹集了超过2,100万元人民币。
As of July 8, Huayuan County had raised more than RMB 21 million for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students from various relief funds this first half year.
截至7月8日,华远县今年上半年从各种救济基金共向13,140名贫困学生筹集了超过2,100万元人民币。
As of May 8, Huayuan County had raised more than RMB 21 million for 13, 140 poverty-stricken students from various relief funds this first half year.
截至5月8日,华远县今年上半年从各种救济基金共向13,140名贫困学生筹集了超过2,100万元人民币。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
县内所有应当得到资助的贫困学生都得到了财政资助。
All poverty-stricken students of the county who should be supported have been supported financially.
县内所有贫困学生,凡是应当得到资助的,都得到了财政资助。
The poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
应该得到资助的农村贫困学生得到了财政资助。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that should be supported had been supported financially.
应该 得到 支助 的 国家 的 所有 贫困 学生 都 得到 财政 支助 。
All poverty-stricken students of the county that would be supported have been supported financially.
县内所有将获得资助的贫困学生都得到了财政资助。
All poverty-stricken residents of the county that should be supported have been supported financially.
县内所有需要扶持的贫困居民,都得到了财政上的扶持。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2cm-deep pit on the roadside.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路边挖了一个2厘米深的坑。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 10cm-deep pit on the roadside.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路边挖了一个10厘米深的坑。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane at the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2cm-deep pit on the roadside.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下转向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路边挖了一个2厘米深的坑。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck switched to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2cm-deep pit on the roadside.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下转向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路边挖了一个2厘米深的坑。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck moved to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2cm-deep pit on the roadside.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在一名交通警察的指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路边挖了一个2厘米深的坑。
According to the reporter on the scene, a large container truck shifted to the fast lane with the command of a traffic policeman. Its container box fell down onto the green road, making a 2cm-deep pit at the roadside.
据现场记者说,一辆大型集装箱卡车在交通警察指挥下驶向快车道,集装箱箱掉到绿路上,在路边挖了一个2厘米深的坑。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) on the biggest ever renovation of the famous Sydney Opera House since its completion.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)对悉尼歌剧院进行自其落成以来规模最大的翻修。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) for the biggest ever renovation of the famous Sydney Opera House since its completion.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将斥资2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)用于悉尼歌剧院自落成以来规模最大的翻新工程。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) on the biggest ever renovation of the famous Sydney Opera House after its completion.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将在悉尼歌剧院完工后花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)进行有史以来规模最大的翻新。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) on the largest ever renovation of the famous Sydney Opera House since its completion.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)对悉尼歌剧院进行自其落成以来规模最大的翻修。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it will spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) on the biggest ever renovation of the famous Sydney Opera House upon its completion.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将在悉尼歌剧院完工后花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)进行有史以来规模最大的翻新。
According to the Xinhua news agency, Australia's New South Wales government announced on the 11th day of the month that it would spend 200 million Australian dollars ( about 154 million US dollars ) on the biggest ever renovation of the famous Sydney Opera House since its completion.
据新华社报道,澳大利亚新南威尔士州政府在本月第11天宣布,将花费2亿澳元(约合1.54亿美元)对悉尼歌剧院进行自其落成以来规模最大的翻修。
The renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house, according to the New South Wales government.
根据新南威尔士州政府的说法,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
This renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house, according to the New South Wales government.
根据新南威尔士州政府的说法,这种翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The project would not change the shell shape of the opera house, according to the New South Wales government.
新南威尔士州政府称,该项目不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The renovation would not change the shell shape of the opera house, according to the New South Wales Government.
根据新南威尔士州政府的说法,翻修不会改变歌剧院的外壳形状。
The renovation would not change the original shape of the opera house, according to the New South Wales government.
根据新南威尔士州政府的说法,新装修不会改变歌剧院的原型。
The renovation would not change the overall shape of the opera house, according to the New South Wales government.
根据新南威尔士州政府的说法,这种翻修不会改变歌剧院的整体形状。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and completed in 1973. It witnesses the arrival of around 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,1973年竣工,每年约有800万游客抵达悉尼。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and completed in 1973. It witnesses the arrival of around 8 million visitors every year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,1973年竣工,每年约有800万游客抵达悉尼。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and completed in 1973. It witnesses the arrival of about 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,1973年竣工,每年约有800万游客抵达悉尼。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and completed in 1973. It witnesses the arrival of around 3 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,1973年竣工,每年约有300万人参观。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and completed in 1973. It witnesses the arrival of over 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,于1973年竣工,每年有800多万游客抵达悉尼。
The Sydney Opera House is one of Sydney's landmark buildings, designed by Danish architect Jorn Utzon and completed in 1973. It witnesses the arrival of approximately 8 million visitors each year.
悉尼歌剧院是悉尼标志性建筑之一,由丹麦建筑师Jorn Utzon设计,1973年竣工,每年约有800万游客抵达悉尼。
Rory Jeffes, managing director of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a " turnaround " via this renovation and become one of the world's concert halls with the best sound effects.
悉尼交响乐团总经理罗里·杰弗斯认为,悉尼歌剧院将通过这次翻新来“扭转局面”,并将成为全球音乐厅之一,音乐效果最好。
Rory Oakes, managing director of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a " turnaround " via this renovation and become one of the world's concert halls with the best sound effects.
悉尼交响乐团总经理罗里·奥克斯认为,悉尼歌剧院将通过这次翻新来“扭转局面”,并将成为全球音乐厅之一,音乐效果最好。
Rory Parkes, managing director of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a " turnaround " via this renovation and become one of the world's concert halls with the best sound effects.
悉尼交响乐团总经理罗里·帕克斯认为,悉尼歌剧院将通过这次翻新来“扭转局面”,并将成为全球音乐厅之一,音乐效果最好。
Rory Downes, managing director of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a " turnaround " via this renovation and become one of the world's concert halls with the best sound effects.
悉尼交响乐团总经理罗里·唐恩斯认为,悉尼歌剧院将通过这次翻新来“扭转局面”,并将成为全球音乐厅之一,音乐效果最好。
Rory Innes, managing director of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a " turnaround " via this renovation and become one of the world's concert halls with the best sound effects.
悉尼交响乐团总经理罗里·因内斯认为,悉尼歌剧院将通过这次翻新来“扭转局面”,并将成为全球音乐厅之一,音乐效果最好。
Andrew Jeffes, managing director of the Sydney Symphony Orchestra, believes that the Sydney Opera House will make a " turnaround " via this renovation and become one of the world's concert halls with the best sound effects.
悉尼交响乐团总经理安德鲁·杰弗斯认为,悉尼歌剧院将通过这次翻新来“扭转局面”,并将成为全球音乐厅之一,音乐效果最好。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and meet one of the conditions of having a stable and legal employment, having accommodation and having continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,符合稳定合法就业、住宿条件和在北京继续上学条件之一的非常住居民,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and meet one of the conditions of having a stable and legal employment, having accommodation and having continuous schooling in Beijing may apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,符合稳定合法就业、住宿条件和在北京继续学习条件之一的非常住居民,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than three months and meet one of the conditions of having a stable and legal employment, having accommodation and having continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住三个月以上的非永久性居民,如果符合在北京稳定合法就业、住宿和继续上学的条件之一,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than twelve months and meet one of the conditions of having a stable and legal employment, having accommodation and having continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住12个月以上的非永久性居民,如果符合在北京稳定合法就业、住宿和继续上学的条件之一,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than 6 months and meet one of the conditions of having a stable and legal employment, having accommodation and having continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满6个月,符合稳定合法就业、住宿条件和在北京继续上学条件之一的非常住居民,可以申请居留证。
Non-permanent residents who have lived in Beijing for more than six months and satisfy one of the conditions of having a stable and legal employment, having accommodation and having continuous schooling in Beijing can apply for a residence permit.
在北京居住满六个月,符合稳定合法就业条件、住宿条件和在北京继续上学条件之一的非常住居民,可以申请居留证。
Recently, the launch of detailed implementation rules for the Residence Permit Provisional Regulation means that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的详细实施细则的出台,意味着"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, the launch of detailed implementation rules for the Resident Permit Provisional Regulation means that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的详细实施细则的出台,意味着"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, the launch of detailed implementation rules for the Residence Permit Provisional Regulation means that the " temporary residence permit " should be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的详细实施细则的出台,意味着"临时居住证"应升级为"居住证"。
However, the launch of detailed implementation rules for the Residence Permit Provisional Regulation means that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
然而,启动《居住证暂行条例》的详细实施细则意味着,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Finally, the launch of detailed implementation rules for the Residence Permit Provisional Regulation means that the " temporary residence permit " will be upgraded to " residence permit ".
最后,启动《居住证暂行条例》的详细实施细则意味着,"临时居住证"将升级为"居住证"。
Recently, the launch of detailed implementation rules for the Residence Permit Provisional Regulation means that the " temporary residence permit " will be converted to " residence permit ".
最近,《居住证暂行条例》的详细实施细则的推出,意味着"临时居住证"将改为"居住证"。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift from its management of non-permanent residents to multi-directional services for them.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将从对非永久性居民的管理转向为非永久性居民提供的多方向服务。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing would shift from its management of non-permanent residents to multi-directional services for them.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将从对非永久性居民的管理转向为非永久性居民提供的多方向服务。
The responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift from its management of non-permanent residents to multi-directional services for them.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将从对非永久性居民的管理转向为非永久性居民提供的多方向服务。
A senior person of the relevant department said that the transition from " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift from its management of non-permanent residents to multi-directional services for them.
有关部门的一位资深人士表示,从“临时居住证”向“居住证”的过渡,意味着北京将从对非永久性居民的管理转向为非永久性居民提供的多方向服务。
A responsible person of the relevant department stated that the transition from " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing will shift from its management of non-permanent residents to multi-directional services for them.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京将从对非永久性居民的管理转向为非永久性居民提供的多方向服务。
A responsible person of the relevant department said that the transition from " temporary residence permit " to " residence permit " means that Beijing can shift from its management of non-permanent residents to multi-directional services for them.
有关部门负责人表示,从“临时居留证”向“居留证”的过渡,意味着北京可以从对非永久性居民的管理转向对非永久性居民的多向服务。
The journalist learnt from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) today that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
The journalist learnt from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) today that as of the end of July this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年7月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
The journalist learnt from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) today that as of the end of April this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年4月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
The journalist learnt from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) today that as of the end of August this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年8月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
The journalist learnt from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) today that as of the end of September this year, the tax authorities at all levels have announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年9月底,各级税务机关共宣布非法“黑名单”案件2,470起。
The journalist learnt from the State Administration of Taxation ( SAT ) today that as of the end of June this year, the tax authorities at all levels had announced a total of 2, 470 illegal " blacklist " cases.
记者从国家税务总局获悉,截至今年6月底,各级税务机关共宣布了2,470起违法“黑名单”案件。
It is learned that in July 2014, the SAT led the central government departments in issuing an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violation Cases along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,2014年7月,沙特德士古公司领导中央政府各部门发布了《重大违反税法案件信息披露方法》和《税收抵免管理办法》。
It is learned that in August 2014, the SAT led the central government departments in issuing an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violation Cases along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,2014年8月,沙特德士古公司领导中央政府各部门发布了《重大违反税法案件信息披露方法》和《税收抵免管理办法》。
It is learned that in June 2014, the SAT led the central government departments in issuing an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violation Cases along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,2014年6月,沙特德士古公司领导中央政府各部门发布了《重大违反税法案件信息披露方法》和《税收抵免管理办法》。
It is learned that in July 2013, the SAT led the central government departments in issuing an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violation Cases along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,2013年7月,沙特德士古公司领导中央政府各部门发布了《重大违反税法案件信息披露方法》和《税收抵免管理办法》。
It is learned that in July 2015, the SAT led the central government departments in issuing an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violation Cases along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,在2015年7月,沙特德士古公司领导中央政府各部门发布了《重大违反税法案件信息披露方法》和《税收抵免管理办法》。
It is learned that in October 2014, the SAT led the central government departments in issuing an Information Disclosure Methods For Major Tax Violation Cases along with the Tax Credit Management Approach.
据悉,2014年10月,沙特德士古公司领导中央政府各部门发布了《重大违反税法案件信息披露方法》和《税收抵免管理办法》。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the persons in charge of the relevant intermediaries will be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人负责人的基本信息也将列入黑名单。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the persons in charge of the relevant intermediaries should be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,还应将非法当事人和有关中间人负责人的基本信息列入黑名单。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the persons in charge of the relevant intermediaries would be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人负责人的基本信息也将列入黑名单。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the persons in charge of the relevant intermediaries can be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人负责人的基本信息也可列入黑名单。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the persons in charge of the relevant intermediaries must be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除非法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人负责人的基本信息必须列入黑名单。
In addition to the illegal facts, legal basis, handling and punishment of these cases, the basic information of the illegal parties and the persons in charge of the relevant intermediaries may be included in the " blacklist " exposure.
除违法事实、法律依据、案件的处理和处罚外,非法当事人和有关中间人负责人的基本信息也可列入黑名单。
Quality inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质检 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”党采取相关纪律措施.
Government inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
政府检查 、 国库 、 海关等部门也对黑名单党采取相关纪律措施.
Revenue inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
税务检查 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对黑名单当事人采取相关纪律措施.
Quality control, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质量控制 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对黑名单党采取相关纪律措施.
Tax inspection, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
税务检查 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对黑名单当事人采取相关纪律措施.
Quality assurance, treasury, customs and other government departments also take relevant disciplinary measures against the " blacklist " parties.
质量保证 、 国库 、 海关等政府部门也对“黑名单”政党采取相关纪律措施.
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,它表明我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" This credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
这一信用修复机制是构建全社会税收信用体系乃至信用体系的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system or even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系建设乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit repair mechanism represents an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是构建全社会税收信用体系乃至信用体系的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of the whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is getting more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,它表明我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" The credit repair mechanism is an important milestone in the construction of the tax credit system and even the credit system of our whole society, which indicates that the construction of our social credit system is becoming more and more mature. "
信用修复机制是我国税收信用体系建设乃至整个社会信用体系建设的重要里程碑,标志着我国社会信用体系建设日趋成熟。
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" These problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
这些问题主要表现在大气、水和土壤污染上,但其根源还停留在生产方式和生活方式上。
" The problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
这些问题主要表现在大气、水和土壤污染上,但其根源还停留在生产方式和生活方式上。
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, while the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
环境问题主要表现在大气、水和土壤污染上,其根源还在于生产方式和生活方式。
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and soil pollution, but its root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
“环境问题是由大气、水和土壤污染造成的,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。”
" Environmental problems are embodied by the atmosphere, water and air pollution, but the root still lies in the mode of production and living. "
环境问题主要表现在大气、水和大气污染上,但其根源仍然在于生产方式和生活方式。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For instance, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2014, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2014年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province went up to 21 % in 2015, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2015年,江苏省土地开发比上升至21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2013, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2013年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
For example, the land development ratio of Jiangsu Province was up to 21 % in 2012, ranking top among all provinces and autonomous regions of China.
例如,2012年,江苏省土地开发比达到21%,在全国各省、自治区中名列前茅。
Therefore, the problems of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and high-ratio land occupation have not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
因此,高污染、高能量消耗和高占有率的土地等问题在生产和生活方式的转变中没有得到根本的解决。
Furthermore, the problems of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and high-ratio land occupation have not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
此外,在生产和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和高比率土地占用等问题。
However, the problems of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and high-ratio land occupation have not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
然而,在生产和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和高比率土地占用等问题。
Therefore, the problems of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and low-ratio land occupation have not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
因此,高污染、高能耗和低比率土地占用等问题在生产和生活方式的转变中没有得到根本的解决。
Therefore, the problems of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and high-level land occupation have not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
因此,在生产和生活方式的转变中,没有从根本上解决高污染、高能量消耗和高水平土地占用等问题。
Therefore, the issues of high pollution, heavy energy consumption and high-ratio land occupation have not been fundamentally addressed in the transformation of production and life styles.
因此,高污染、高能量消耗和高占有率的土地等问题在生产和生活方式的转变中基本上没有得到解决。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of ecological environment construction achievement of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment bearing pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏在生态环境建设中取得了各层次、各阶层的成绩,而另一方面,资源和环境承载压力很大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country from the perspective of ecological environment construction achievement of all levels and classes. And on the other hand, the resource and environment bearing pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设各层次、各阶层的成绩出发,在全国名列前茅,而另一方面,资源和环境承载压力巨大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the entire country from the perspective of ecological environment construction achievement of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment bearing pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏从生态环境建设的层次和层次上看,在全国都名列前茅,但另一方面,资源和环境承载压力却很大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country with the perspective of ecological environment construction achievement of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment bearing pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏以生态环境建设成果的视角,以各个层次和阶层为视角,在全国排名第一,但另一方面,资源和环境承载压力很大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country in the perspective of ecological environment construction achievement of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment bearing pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏在生态环境建设方面达到全国各层次和阶层的顶峰,另一方面,资源和环境承载压力巨大。
On the one hand, Jiangsu tops in the whole country on the perspective of ecological environment construction achievement of all levels and classes. But on the other hand, the resource and environment bearing pressure is heavy.
一方面,江苏在生态环境建设方面达到全国各层次和阶层的顶峰,而另一方面,资源和环境承载压力却很大。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
要切实推进生态环境保护和治理,就要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,推动民生的转变。
To comprehensively promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
全面推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
To fundamentally promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
从根本上推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
To optimally promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
优化生态环境保护和治理,从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
To solidly promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the viewpoint of ecological civilization construction.
要切实推进生态环境保护和治理,就要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,推动民生的转变。
To legitimately promote the ecological environment protection and governance, we need to fundamentally promote the transformation of production and lifestyle and promote the transformation of people's livelihood from the perspective of ecological civilization construction.
合理推进生态环境保护和治理,需要从生态文明建设的视角出发,从根本上推进生产与生活方式的转变,促进民生的转变。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by China Guodian Corporation was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,中国国电公司生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by China Guodian Corporation were prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,中国国电公司生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by China Guodian Corporation was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa through the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,中国国电公司生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备通过连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by China Guodian Corporation was prepared to be transported and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,中国国电公司生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades produced by China Guodian Corporation are prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,中国国电公司生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
On the 11th day of the month, 42 wind turbine blades made by China Guodian Corporation was prepared to be shipped and exported to South Africa from the wharf of Lianyungang Port.
本月十一日,中国国电公司生产的42个风力涡轮叶片准备从连云港码头运往南非。
Since last year, China Guodian Corporation has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,中国国电公司共从连云港向南非出口了163套风力发电项目。
Since this year, China Guodian Corporation has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
今年以来,中国国电公司从连云港共向南非出口了163套风力发电设备。
In last year, China Guodian Corporation has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
去年,中国国电公司从连云港共向南非出口了163套风力发电项目。
During last year, China Guodian Corporation has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
去年,中国国电公司从连云港共向南非出口了163套风力发电项目。
Since that year, China Guodian Corporation has exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自那年以来,中国国电公司共向南非出口了163套风力发电设备。
Since last year, China Guodian Corporation had exported a total of 163 sets of wind power projects from Lianyungang Port to South Africa.
自去年以来,中国国电公司共从连云港向南非出口了163套风力发电项目。
The third-party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee for the production of the national flag is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
由奥运组织委员会委托生产国旗的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The non-party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee for the production of the national flag is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
由奥运组织委员会委托制作国旗的非党派公司位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The third-party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee for the production of the national flag was located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
由奥运组织委员会委托生产国旗的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The third-party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee for the production of the national flag is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 50 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
由奥运组织委员会委托生产国旗的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约50公里。
The third-party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee for the production of the national flag is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, around 75 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
由奥运组织委员会委托生产国旗的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约75公里。
The third-party company ( non-Chinese company ) commissioned by the Olympic Organizing Committee for the production of the national flag is located in the Sao Paulo state, Brazil, about 30 kilometers away from the city of Sao Paulo.
由奥运组织委员会委托生产国旗的第三方公司(非中国公司)位于巴西圣保罗州,距圣保罗市约30公里。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Consulate-General of China in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为促请生产商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Consulate-General of China in Sao Paulo dispatched specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为促请生产商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To urge the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Consulate-General of China in Sao Paulo assigned specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为促请制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆为制造商指派了专门指派的人员,以便深入开展工作。
To assist the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Consulate-General of China in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为协助制造商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行深入的工作。
To help the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Consulate-General of China in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为协助生产商尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员,进行了深入的工作。
To enable the manufacturers to finish the production ASAP, the Consulate-General of China in Sao Paulo sent specially-assigned persons to the manufacturer for in-depth work.
为了使制造商能够尽快完成生产,中国驻圣保罗总领事馆向制造商派出了专门指派的人员进行深入的工作。
After overtime work for 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30个小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After hard work for 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30个小时的艰苦劳动,终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
With overtime work for 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
由于超时工作30小时,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产并装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After overtime work for 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 3-5 working days in advance.
经过30个小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前3-5个工作日完成。
After continuous work for 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. The task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30小时的连续工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,任务提前4-5个工作日完成。
After overtime work for 30 hours, the manufacturer finally completed the Chinese flag production and loaded for transportation. This task was finished 4-5 working days in advance.
经过30个小时的加班工作,制造商终于完成了中国国旗的生产和装船运输,这项工作提前4-5个工作日完成。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th day of the month. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues upon receipt. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗将于本月11日抵达里约热内卢,届时奥林匹克组织委员会会在收到这些国旗后,将其送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It was reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th day of the month. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues upon receipt. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计于本月11日抵达里约热内卢,届时奥林匹克组织委员会会在收到这些国旗后,将其送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th day of the month. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues upon receipt. This whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,国旗将于本月11日抵达里约热内卢,届时奥组委收到国旗后将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th day of the month. Afterwards the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues upon receipt. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计将于本月11日抵达里约热内卢,此后,奥运组织委员会将在收到后将国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It is reported that the flags are expected to arrive in Rio by the 11th day of the month. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues upon receipt. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计于本月11日抵达里约热内卢,届时奥林匹克组织委员会会在收到这些国旗后,将其送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
It is reported that the flags were expected to arrive in Rio on the 11th day of the month. Then the Olympic Organizing Committee will send the flags to various Olympic venues upon receipt. The whole process will be under the supervision of the Chinese embassy in Brazil.
据报道,这些国旗预计于本月11日抵达里约热内卢,届时奥组委收到后将把国旗送到各奥运场馆,整个过程将在中国驻巴西大使馆的监督下进行。
( Our newspaper report ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of negotiation activities concerning Shanghai-Nantong industrial cooperation at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site contract signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心就上海与南通的工业合作问题举行一系列谈判活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,价值不低于1亿元人民币的20多个湖通工业对接项目见现场签约。
( Our newspaper report ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of negotiation activities concerning Shanghai-Nantong industrial cooperation in the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site contract signing.
本月10日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心就上海与南通的工业合作问题举行一系列谈判活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,价值不低于1亿元的胡通工业对接项目20多个,并在当地签了合同。
( Our newspaper report ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of negotiation activities regarding Shanghai-Nantong industrial cooperation at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site contract signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心就上海与南通的工业合作问题举行一系列谈判活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,价值不低于1亿元人民币的20多个湖通工业对接项目见现场签约。
( Our newspaper report ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of negotiation activities concerning Shanghai-Nantong industrial cooperation at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to attend. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site contract signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心就上海与南通的工业合作问题举行一系列谈判活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,价值不少于1亿元的胡通工业对接项目20余个。
( Our newspaper report ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of negotiation activities concerning Shanghai-Nantong industrial cooperation at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 20 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-line contract signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心就上海与南通的工业合作问题举行一系列谈判活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,价值不低于1亿元人民币的20多个湖通工业对接项目在网上签约。
( Our newspaper report ) On the 10th day of the month, the Nantong Municipal Government held a series of negotiation activities concerning Shanghai-Nantong industrial cooperation at the Shanghai International Convention Center. More than 180 Shanghai enterprises were invited to participate. More than 30 Hu-Tong industry docking projects worth at least RMB 100 million saw on-site contract signing.
本月十日,南通市政府在上海国际会议中心就上海与南通的工业合作问题举行一系列谈判活动,邀请了180多家上海企业参加,30多个湖通工业对接项目,价值不低于1亿元人民币,并签署了现场合同。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的20个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
These 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的这20个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 2. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的20个项目总投资20.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The four projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
四个同时签约的项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 8. 063 billion, including new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的20个项目总投资80.63亿元人民币,其中包括新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
The 20 projects with simultaneous signing have a total investment of RMB 1. 063 billion, involving new energy, new materials, modern services and other industries.
同时签署的20个项目总投资10.63亿元人民币,涉及新能源、新材料、现代服务等行业。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong province's first city to pilot paid use and trade the emission right.
青岛是中国第12个城市,也是山东省首个试点有偿使用和交易排放权的城市。
Qingdao was China's 12th and also Shandong province's first city to pilot paid use and trade the emission right.
青岛是中国第12个城市,也是山东省首个试点有偿使用和交易排放权的城市。
Qingdao became China's 12th and also Shandong province's first city to pilot paid use and trade the emission right.
青岛成为中国第12个城市,也是山东省首个试点有偿使用和交易排放权的城市。
Qingdao is China's 12th and also Shandong Province's first city to pilot paid use and trade the emission right.
青岛是中国第12个城市,也是山东省首个试点有偿使用和交易排放权的城市。
Qingdao is China's fourth and also Shandong province's first city to pilot paid use and trade the emission right.
青岛是中国第四个城市,也是山东省第一个试点有偿使用和交易排放权的城市。
Qingdao is China's third and also Shandong province's first city to pilot paid use and trade the emission right.
青岛是中国第三大城市,也是山东省首个试点有偿使用和交易排放权的城市。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emission right Center to submit emission right applications. After acceptance, they shall pay fees for the paid use.
本月十一日,多间公司来到青岛市排放权中心递交排放权申请,接受申请后,须支付使用费。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emission right Center to submit emission right applications. On acceptance, they shall pay fees for the paid use.
本月十一日,多间公司来到青岛市排放权中心递交排放权申请,接受申请后须支付使用费。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emission right Center to submit emission right applications. Upon acceptance, they shall pay fees for the paid use.
本月十一日,多间公司来到青岛市排放权中心递交排放权申请,一经接受,须支付使用费。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies come to the Qingdao Municipal Emission right Center to submit emission right applications. After acceptance, they shall pay fees for the paid use.
本月十一日,许多公司来到青岛市排放权中心,提交排放权申请,接受申请后,须支付使用费。
On the 11th day of every month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emission right Center to submit emission right applications. After acceptance, they shall pay fees for the paid use.
每个月第11天,许多公司来到青岛市排放权中心,提交排放权申请,接受申请后,须支付付费使用费。
On the 11th day of the month, many companies came to the Qingdao Municipal Emission right Center to submit emission right applications. After acceptance, they will pay fees for the paid use.
本月十一日,许多公司来到青岛市排放权中心,提交排放权申请,接受申请后,将支付付费使用费。
The upcoming first transaction also indicates that Qingdao's emission right trading pilot work officially kicked off. It will also be the first emission right trading deal in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
即将到来的首笔交易也表明,青岛的排放量权交易试点工作正式启动,也将是山东首笔排放量权交易和中国首个城市级排放量权交易。
This upcoming first transaction also indicates that Qingdao's emission right trading pilot work officially kicked off. It will also be the first emission right trading deal in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
这次即将到来的首次交易也表明,青岛的排放量权交易试点工作正式启动,这也是山东首个排放量权交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量权交易。
The upcoming first transaction also indicates that Qingdao's emission right trading pilot work officially kicked off. This will also be the first emission right trading deal in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
即将到来的首笔交易也表明,青岛的排放量权交易试点工作正式启动,这也是山东首笔排放量权交易,也是中国首个城市级排放量权交易。
The upcoming first transaction also indicates that Qingdao's emission right trading pilot work officially kicked off. It will also be the first emissions right trading deal in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
即将到来的首笔交易也表明,青岛的排放量权交易试点工作正式启动,也将是山东首笔排放量权交易和中国首个城市级排放量权交易。
The upcoming first transaction also indicates that Qingdao's emission right trading pilot work officially kicked off. It will also be the first emission right trading deal in Shandong and the first city-wide emission right trading in China.
即将到来的首笔交易也表明,青岛的排放量权交易试点工作正式启动,这也是山东首笔排放量权交易,也是中国首个全市范围的排放量权交易。
The upcoming first transaction also indicates that Qingdao's emission right trading pilot work officially kicked off. It will also be the first emission right trading deal in Shandong and the first city-based emission right trading in China.
即将到来的首笔交易也表明,青岛的排放量权交易试点工作正式启动,也将是山东首笔排放量权交易,也是中国首个以城市为基础的排放量权交易。
On the morning of the 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Double Peach Specialty Chemicals ( Group ) Co., Ltd., came to the trading center to submit the emission right subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛双桃专业化学品(集团)总经理赵秀平来到交易中心,提交废气排放权认购单。
In the morning of the 11th day of the month, Zhao Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Double Peach Specialty Chemicals ( Group ) Co., Ltd., came to the trading center to submit the emission right subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛双桃专业化学品(集团)总经理赵秀平来到交易中心递交了废气排放权认购单。
On the morning of the 11th day of the month, Zhang Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Double Peach Specialty Chemicals ( Group ) Co., Ltd., came to the trading center to submit the emission right subscription.
本月11日上午,青岛双桃专业化学品(集团)总经理张秀平来到交易中心,提交废气排放权认购。
On the morning of the 11th day of the month, Liu Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Double Peach Specialty Chemicals ( Group ) Co., Ltd., came to the trading center to submit the emission right subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛双桃专业化学品(集团)总经理刘秀平来到交易中心,提交废气排放权认购申请。
On the morning of the 11th day of the month, Wang Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Double Peach Specialty Chemicals ( Group ) Co., Ltd., came to the trading center to submit the emission right subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛双桃专业化学品(集团)总经理王秀平来到交易中心,提交废气排放权认购申请。
On the morning of the 11th day of the month, Li Xiuping, general manager of Qingdao Double Peach Specialty Chemicals ( Group ) Co., Ltd., came to the trading center to submit the emission right subscription.
本月十一日上午,青岛双桃专业化学品(集团)总经理李秀平来到交易中心,提交废气排放权认购申请。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,位于青岛老城区的工厂全部停止运行,并迁至平都新厂。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a complete halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
其位于青岛老城区的工厂因环境原因完全停产,迁至平都新厂。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was relocated to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,其位于青岛老城区的工厂已完全停产,并迁至平都的新工厂。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was shifted to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,在青岛老城区的工厂全部停止,并被转移到了平都的新工厂。
Its plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant at Pingdu due to environmental reason.
由于环境原因,位于青岛老城区的工厂全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
The plant in the old urban area of Qingdao came to a full halt and was moved to the new plant in Pingdu due to environmental reason.
青岛老城区的工厂因环境原因全部停产,迁至平都新厂。
After Zhao Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., the Qingdao Municipal Emission Right Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放权保留区和交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Liu Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., the Qingdao Municipal Emission Right Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
刘秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放权保留区和交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Zhang Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., the Qingdao Municipal Emission Right Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
张秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放权储备交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Li Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., the Qingdao Municipal Emission Right Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
李秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放权保留区和交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Wang Xiuping submitted the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., the Qingdao Municipal Emission Right Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
在王秀平提交了申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放权保留区和交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
After Zhao Xiuping filed the application form and the construction project environmental impact report, etc., the Qingdao Municipal Emission Right Reserve and Trading Service Center began to review the application materials.
赵秀平提交申请表和建设项目的环境影响报告等,青岛市排放权保留区和交易服务中心开始审核申请材料。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao's price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission right fee is about RMB 641, 200. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放权费估计为641,200元人民币,工作人员将在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao's price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission right fee is about RMB 642, 200. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放权费估计为642,200元人民币,工作人员将在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao's price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission right fee is about RMB 643, 200. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放权费估计为643,200元人民币,工作人员将在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao's price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission right fee is about RMB 641, 200. All working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放权费估计为641,200元人民币,所有员工将在7个工作日内完成审核。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao's price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission right fee is about RMB 644, 200. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放权费估计为644,200元人民币,工作人员将在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
According to the collection standard determined by Qingdao's price bureau and financial sector, the estimated initial emission right fee is about RMB 645, 200. The working staff will finish review within 7 working days.
根据青岛物价局和财政部确定的收集标准,初步排放权费估计为645,200元人民币,工作人员将在7个工作日内完成审核工作。
The upcoming completion of the first transaction also indicates that Qingdao emission right trading pilot work will officially kick off. It will also be the first emission right trading in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
首笔交易即将完成,也预示着青岛市级排放权交易试点工作正式启动,也是山东首笔排放权交易和中国首个城市级排放权交易。
The upcoming completion of the first transaction also indicates that Qingdao emission right trading pilot work will officially kick off. This will also be the first emission right trading in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
首笔交易即将完成,也表明青岛市排放权交易试点工作将正式启动,这也是山东市首笔排放权交易和中国首个城市级排放权交易。
The upcoming completion of the first transaction also indicates that Qingdao emission right trading pilot work will officially kick off. It will also be the first emission right trading in Shandong and the first city-wide emission right trading in China.
首笔交易即将完成,也预示着青岛市排放权交易试点工作将正式启动,也是山东首笔排放权交易和中国首个全市排放权交易。
The upcoming completion of the first transaction also indicates that Qingdao emissions right trading pilot work will officially kick off. It will also be the first emission right trading in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
首笔交易即将完成,也预示着青岛市排放权交易试点工作将正式启动,也是山东首笔排放权交易和中国首个城市级排放权交易。
The upcoming completion of the first transaction also indicates that Qingdao emission right trading pilot work will officially kick off. It will also be the first emission right trading in Shandong and the first city-based emission right trading in China.
首笔交易即将完成,也预示着青岛市排放权交易试点工作将正式启动,也是山东首笔排放权交易和中国首个城市排放权交易。
The successful completion of the first transaction also indicates that Qingdao emission right trading pilot work will officially kick off. It will also be the first emission right trading in Shandong and the first city-level emission right trading in China.
首次交易的成功完成也表明,青岛市排放权交易试点工作将正式启动,也是山东市首个排放权交易和中国首个城市级排放权交易。
According to Zhao Xiuping, the company has now invested up to RMB 400 million in environmental protection. Thought it seems to be a big sum, it has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up room for enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,公司在环境保护方面的投资额现已达到4亿元人民币,认为这似乎是一笔巨大的资金,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,也为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, the company has now invested up to RMB 400 million in environmental protection. Thought it seems to be a big sum, it has a huge impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up room for enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,公司在环境保护方面的投资额现已达到4亿元人民币,认为这似乎是一笔巨大的资金,对企业管理理念和社会效益产生了巨大影响,也为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, the company has now invested up to RMB 400 million in environmental protection. Thought it seems to be a big sum, it has a big impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up room for enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,公司在环境保护方面的投资已经达到4亿元人民币,认为这似乎是一笔巨大的资金,对企业管理哲学和社会效益有较大的影响,同时也为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, the company has now invested up to RMB 400 million in environmental protection. Thought it seems to be a big sum, it has a major impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up room for enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,公司在环境保护方面的投资额现已达到4亿元人民币,认为这似乎是一笔巨大的资金,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,同时也为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Zhao Xiuping, the company has now invested up to RMB 500 million in environmental protection. Thought it seems to be a big sum, it has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up room for enterprise innovation management.
据赵秀平介绍,公司在环境保护方面的投资额现已达到5亿元人民币,认为这似乎是一笔巨大的资金,对企业管理理念和社会效益具有重要影响,也为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
According to Liu Xiuping, the company has now invested up to RMB 400 million in environmental protection. Thought it seems to be a big sum, it has a great impact on the enterprise management philosophy and social benefits and also opened up room for enterprise innovation management.
据刘秀平介绍,公司在环境保护方面的投资额现已达到4亿元人民币,认为这似乎是一笔巨大的资金,对企业管理哲学和社会效益具有重要影响,也为企业创新管理开辟了空间。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to apply for emission rights for its high-speed rail and CRH interior accessory project with an annual output of 4, 200 pieces.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也来申请高速铁路和CRH内部配套项目的排放量权,年产量为4,200件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to apply for emission rights for its high-speed rail and CRH interior accessory project with an annual output of 3, 200 pieces.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也来申请高速铁路和CRH内部配套项目的排放量权,年产量为3,200件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to apply for emission rights for its high-speed rail and CRH interior accessory project with an annual output of 2, 200 pieces.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也来申请高速铁路和CRH内部配套项目的排放量权,年产量为2,200件。
In the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to apply for emission rights for its high-speed rail and CRH interior accessory project with an annual output of 4, 200 pieces.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也来申请其高速铁路和CRH内部配套项目的排放量权,年产量为4,200件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to apply for emission rights for its high-speed rail and CRH interior accessory project with an annual output of 1, 200 pieces.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也来申请高速铁路和CRH内部配套项目的排放量权,年产量为1,200件。
On the same day, Qingdao SF-XC-ZZ Coach Component Co., Ltd. also came to apply for emission rights for its high-speed rail and CRH interior accessory project with an annual output of 4, 500 pieces.
同一天,青岛SF-XC-ZZ教练组件有限公司也来申请高速铁路和CRH内部配套项目的排放量权,年产量为4,500件。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rights for chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia nitrogen ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需求 ( COD ) 和氨氮 ( NOX ) 的初始排放权分别为每年0.514吨和0.052吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rights for chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia nitrogen ( NOX ) are 1. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需求 ( COD ) 和氨氮 ( NOX ) 的初始排放权分别为1.514吨/年和0.052吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rights for chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia nitrogen ( NOX ) were 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需求 ( COD ) 和氨氮 ( NOX ) 的初始排放权分别为每年0.514吨和0.052吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rights for chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia nitrogen ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 0. 053 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需求 ( COD ) 和氨氮 ( NOX ) 的初始排放权分别为每年0.514吨和0.053吨/年。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rights for chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia nitrogen ( NOX ) are 0. 514 tons / year and 1. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需求 ( COD ) 和氨氮 ( NOX ) 的初始排放权分别为每年0.514吨和1.052吨。
The project is a mechanical processing enterprise. Its initial emission rights for chemical oxygen demand ( COD ) and ammonia nitrogen ( NOX ) are 0. 513 tons / year and 0. 052 tons / year, respectively.
该项目是一家机械加工企业,其化学氧需求 ( COD ) 和氨氮 ( NOX ) 的初始排放权分别为每年0.513吨和0.052吨/年。
The paid use and trading of air pollutant emission right cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
大气污染物排放权的有偿使用和交易覆盖了城市主要生产、供电和供热的工业企业。
The exclusive use and trading of air pollutant emission right cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
大气污染物排放权的独家使用和交易覆盖了城市主要生产、供电、供热的工业企业。
A paid use and trading of air pollutant emission right cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
大气污染物排放权的有偿使用和交易覆盖了城市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
This paid use and trading of air pollutant emission right cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
大气污染物排放权的有偿使用和交易覆盖了城市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The paid use and trading of air pollutant emission right cover the city's key industrial enterprises in the production and supply of electricity and heat.
大气污染物排放权的有偿使用和交易覆盖了城市主要工业企业的电力和热能的生产和供应。
The paid use and trading of air pollutants emission right cover the city's key industrial enterprises for the production and supply of electricity and heat.
大气污染物排放权的有偿使用和交易覆盖了城市主要生产、供电、供热的工业企业。
The current pollutant discharging units which had obtained environmental impact assessment as of January 1, 2016, will be exempt from fees for paid use.
截至2016年1月1日已获得环境影响评估的现有排污装置将免收已付使用费。
The current pollutant discharging units which had obtained environmental impact assessment as of June 1, 2016, will be exempt from fees for paid use.
截至2016年6月1日已获得环境影响评估的现有排污装置将免收有偿使用费。
The current pollutant discharging units which had obtained environmental impact assessment as of January 1, 2015, will be exempt from fees for paid use.
截至2015年1月1日已获得环境影响评估的现有排污装置将免收有偿使用费。
The current pollutant discharging units which had obtained environmental impact assessment as of January 1, 2017, will be exempt from fees for paid use.
截至2017年1月1日已获得环境影响评估的现有排污装置将免收有偿使用费。
The current pollutant discharging units which had obtained environmental impact assessment as of January 1, 2012, will be exempt from fees for paid use.
截至2012年1月1日已获得环境影响评估的现有排污装置将免收已付使用费。
The current pollutant discharging units which had obtained environmental impact assessment as of January 1, 2013, will be exempt from fees for paid use.
截至2013年1月1日已获得环境影响评估的现有排污装置将免收有偿使用费。
" The obtaining of paid use of emission rights is not equal to the obtaining of the right for illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will. "
“有偿使用排放权并不等于获得非法排放权,因此公司不能随意排放污染物。”
" The obtaining of paid use of emission rights is not equal to the obtaining of the right for illegal discharge, so companies can discharge pollutants at will. "
“有偿使用排放权并不等于获得非法排放权,因此公司可以随意排放污染物。”
" The obtaining of paid use of emission rights is not equal to the obtaining of a right for illegal discharge, so companies cannot discharge pollutants at will. "
“有偿使用排放权并不等于获得非法排放权,因此公司不能随意排放污染物。”
" The obtaining of paid use of emission rights is not equal to the obtaining of the right for illegal discharge, so companies may discharge pollutants at will. "
“有偿使用排放权并不等于获得非法排放权,因此公司可以随意排放污染物。”
" The obtaining of paid use of emission rights is not equal to the obtaining of the right for illegal discharge, so companies must discharge pollutants at will. "
“有偿使用排放权并不等于获得非法排放权,因此公司必须随意排放污染物。”
" The obtaining of paid use of emission rights is not equal to the obtaining of the right for illegal discharge, and companies cannot discharge pollutants at will. "
“有偿使用排放权并不等于获得非法排放权,公司不能随意排放污染物。”
Companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, according to Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau. It is impossible to allow enterprises to circumvent punishments via purchasing emission rights.
青岛环保局副局长韩宏言表示,违法和过度排污的企业必须按照有关法律法规进行处罚,企业不得通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Companies of illegal and excessive sewage should be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, according to Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau. It is impossible to allow enterprises to circumvent punishments via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副主任韩宏言说,违法、过多的污水公司必须按照有关法律法规进行处罚,企业不得通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Companies of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, according to Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environment Protection Bureau. It is impossible to allow enterprises to circumvent punishments via purchasing emission rights.
青岛市环保局副局长韩宏言表示,违法、过度排污企业必须按照有关法律法规予以处罚,不得允许企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Companies of illegal and excessive sewage will be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, according to Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau. It is impossible to allow enterprises to circumvent punishments via purchasing emission rights.
青岛环保局副局长韩宏言说,非法和过多的污水公司将根据有关法律法规受到处罚,企业不可能通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Users of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, according to Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau. It is impossible to allow enterprises to circumvent punishments via purchasing emission rights.
青岛环保局副局长韩宏言表示,非法和过多排污的用户必须按照有关法律法规受到处罚,不允许企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
Use of illegal and excessive sewage must be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, according to Han Hongyan, deputy director of Qingdao Environmental Protection Bureau. It is impossible to allow enterprises to circumvent punishments via purchasing emission rights.
青岛环保局副局长韩宏言说,使用非法和过多的污水必须按照有关法律法规处罚,不允许企业通过购买排放权规避处罚。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业的排污行为,保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations by legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业的排污行为,保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect our environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental abuses through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
In other words, we need to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and human health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和人类健康。
In other words, we have to crack down on environmental violations through legal means and severely punish the enterprises'over standard discharge behaviors, so as to protect the environment and public health.
也就是说,要依法打击环境污染,严惩企业超越标准排放的行为,以保护环境和公共卫生。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have shown higher enthusiasm in pollution control, cherished limited emission rights and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,在污染控制上表现出更大的热情,珍惜有限的排放权利和减少污染物排放。
Now in their own interests, enterprises have shown higher enthusiasm in pollution control, cherished limited emission rights and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,在污染控制上表现出了更大的热情,珍惜了有限的排放权,减少了污染物的排放。
Acting for their own interests, enterprises have shown higher enthusiasm in pollution control, cherished limited emission rights and reduced emissions of pollutants.
企业为了自身的利益,在污染控制、排放权有限、污染物减排等方面表现出了更大的热情。
Working for their own interests, enterprises have shown higher enthusiasm in pollution control, cherished limited emission rights and reduced emissions of pollutants.
企业为了自身的利益,在污染治理上表现出了更大的热情,珍惜了有限的排放权,减少了污染物的排放。
As for their own interests, enterprises have shown higher enthusiasm in pollution control, cherished limited emission rights and reduced emissions of pollutants.
至于企业自身的利益,企业在污染控制、有限排放权、减少污染物排放等方面表现出了更大的热情。
Now for their own interests, enterprises have shown higher enthusiasm in emission control, cherished limited emission rights and reduced emissions of pollutants.
现在,企业为了自身的利益,在排放控制上表现出更大的热情,珍惜有限的排放权利和减少污染物排放。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
With the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior to a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
On the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
Under the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
In the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
在经济利益的驱动下,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
As the economic interests drive, to reduce pollutants'discharge has shifted from the government's mandatory behavior into a conscious market behavior, so as to truly protect the environment, nature and public health.
随着经济利益的推进,减少污染物排放已经由政府的强制性行为转变为有意识的市场行为,从而真正保护环境、自然和公共卫生。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指排放污染物的权利,是指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants into the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指排放污染物的权利,是指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", is the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是排放污染物的权利,是指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to release pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指排放污染物的权利,指排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emission right, also known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right of emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指污染物排放权,指排放方依法在政府规定的配额内向环境排放污染物的权利。
Emissions right, also known as " dumping right ", means the right to discharge pollutants. It refers to the right for emitters to discharge pollutants to the environment in line with the law within the quota assigned by the government.
排放权,又称“倾弃权”,是指污染物排放权,指污染物排放者在政府规定的配额内依法向环境排放污染物的权利。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
The right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者占有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, utilize and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者占有、利用和利用环境能力资源并从中获益的权利。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to possess, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者拥有、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to occupy, exploit and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放者占有、开发和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
This right is essentially the right of the emitters to acquire, use and benefit from environmental capacity resources.
这项权利实质上是排放国获得、使用和受益于环境能力资源的权利。
In the next step, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, discharge capacities of the internal resources of pollution will be able to be swapped via currency exchange.
下一步,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源排放容量可通过货币兑换方式交换。
In the next step, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, discharge capacities of the internal resources of pollution would be able to be swapped via currency exchange.
下一步,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源排放容量可以通过货币兑换方式交换。
In the next step, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants does not exceed the total allowable emission volume, discharge capacities of the internal resources of pollution should be able to be swapped via currency exchange.
下一步,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源排放容量可通过货币兑换方式交换。
In the next step, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants will not exceed the total allowable emission volume, discharge capacities of the internal resources of pollution will be able to be swapped via currency exchange.
下一步,在污染物排放总量不超过总允许排放量的前提下,通过货币兑换可以交换内部污染资源的排放容量。
In the next step, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants must not exceed the total allowable emission volume, discharge capacities of the internal resources of pollution will be able to be swapped via currency exchange.
下一步,在污染物排放总量不得超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源排放容量可通过货币兑换方式交换。
In the next step, under the premise that the total discharge of pollutants should not exceed the total allowable emission volume, discharge capacities of the internal resources of pollution will be able to be swapped via currency exchange.
下一步,在污染物排放总量不得超过总允许排放量的前提下,内部污染资源排放容量可通过货币兑换方式交换。
The emission right trading concept was put forward by American economist Dyers in 1968 and began to be adopted by the United States for the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources in the 1970s.
美国经济学家戴尔斯于1968年提出排放权交易概念,1970年代美国开始采用这一概念来管理大气和河流污染源。
The emission right trading concept was put forward by American economist Dyers in 1968 and began to be adopted by the United States for the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources during the 1970s.
美国经济学家戴尔斯于1968年提出排放权交易概念,1970年代美国开始采用这一概念来管理大气和河流污染源。
The emission right trading concept was put forward by American economist Dyers in 1967 and began to be adopted by the United States for the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources in the 1970s.
美国经济学家戴尔斯于1967年提出排放权交易概念,1970年代美国开始采用这一概念来管理大气和河流污染源。
The emission right trading concept was put forward by American economist Dyers in 1969 and began to be adopted by the United States for the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources in the 1970s.
美国经济学家戴尔斯于1969年提出排放权交易概念,1970年代美国开始采用这一概念来管理大气和河流污染源。
The emission right trading concept was put forward by American economist Dyers in 1966 and began to be adopted by the United States for the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources in the 1970s.
美国经济学家戴尔斯于1966年提出排放权交易概念,1970年代美国开始采用这一概念来管理大气和河流污染源。
The emission right trading concept was put forward by American economist Dyers in 1965 and began to be adopted by the United States for the management of atmospheric and river pollution sources in the 1970s.
美国经济学家戴尔斯于1965年提出排放权交易概念,1970年代美国开始采用这一概念来管理大气和河流污染源。
Its pilot work in China began in 2007 and now it has been fully implemented in 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
试点工作于2007年开始,现已在浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 全面实施。
Its pilot work in China started in 2007 and now it has been fully implemented in 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
试点工作于2007年开始,现已在浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 全面实施。
Its pilot work in China began in 2008 and now it has been fully implemented in 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
试点工作于2008年开始,现已在浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 全面实施。
Its pilot work in China began in 2006 and now it has been fully implemented in 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
试点工作于2006年开始,现已在浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 全面实施。
The pilot work in China began in 2007 and now it has been fully implemented in 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
试点工作于2007年开始,现已在浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 全面实施。
Its pilot work in China began in 2005 and now it has been fully implemented in 14 provinces ( autonomous regions and municipalities ) including Zhejiang and Jiangsu.
试点工作于2005年开始,现已在浙江、江苏等14个省 ( 自治区 、 直辖市 ) 全面实施。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters took off from the Hmeimin air base in Syria to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚境内的Hmeimin空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters took off from the Tumeimin air base in Syria to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚境内的Tumeimin空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defence of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters took off from the Hmeimin air base in Syria to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚的Hmeimin空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers against the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters took off from the Hmeimin air base in Syria to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内的"伊斯兰国"目标进行空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚的Hmeimin空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters took off from the Imeimin air base in Syria to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚境内的伊梅明空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
According to the Ministry of Defense of Russia, in order to assist the air attack of the six strategic bombers on the " Islamic State " target in Syria, a number of Russian fighters took off from the Hmeimin Air base in Syria to provide support.
据俄罗斯国防部称,为了协助六架战略轰炸机对叙利亚境内"伊斯兰国"目标发动空袭,一些俄罗斯战斗人员从叙利亚的Hmeimin空军基地起飞,以提供支助。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On January 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年1月22日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia signed a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯签署了关于叙利亚冲突的停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 22 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. This ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月22日,美国和俄罗斯达成了关于叙利亚冲突的停火协议,这项停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 23 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月23日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
On February 24 this year, the United States and Russia reached a ceasefire agreement on the Syrian conflict. The ceasefire agreement will be implemented since February 27.
今年2月24日,美国和俄罗斯就叙利亚冲突达成了停火协议,停火协议将在2月27日开始实施。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include military strikes against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under this agreement, the ceasefire does not include military strikes against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据这项协议,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
In the agreement, the ceasefire does not include military strikes against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
在协议中,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include military strikes against terrorist organisations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括联合国安全理事会确定的对"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Per the agreement, the ceasefire does not include military strikes against terrorist organizations including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖组织的军事打击。
Under the agreement, the ceasefire does not include military strikes against terrorist groups including " Islamic State " and " Salvation Front ", which were identified by the United Nation Security Council.
根据该协定,停火不包括对联合国安全理事会确定的"伊斯兰国"和"救世阵线"等恐怖团体的军事打击。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure on the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military infrastructure at the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 建立 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build all relevant military infrastructure in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 内 建立 一切 有关 的 军事 基础 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military structures in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 内 建立 有关 的 军事 结构, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
Russia will continue to build the relevant military facilities in the base and the living conditions of the Russian soldiers will be protected correspondingly.
俄罗斯 将 继续 在 基地 内 建立 有关 的 军事 设施, 并 相应 地 保护 俄罗斯 士兵 的 生活 条件 。
If the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia, he added.
他补充称,如果极端分子没有受到打击,这些部队将扩大到俄罗斯。
If these extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia, he added.
他补充称,如果这些极端势力没有被击中,这些势力将被扩大到俄罗斯。
Since the extremist forces were not hit, these forces will be extended to Russia, he added.
他补充说,由于极端分子没有受到打击,这些部队将扩大到俄罗斯。
If the extremist forces were not hit, the forces will be extended to Russia, he added.
他补充称,如果极端分子没有受到打击,军队将被扩大到俄罗斯。
If the extremist forces were not hit, these forces would be extended to Russia, he added.
他补充称,如果极端分子没有被击中,这些部队将被扩大到俄罗斯。
If the extremist forces were not hit, these forces should be extended to Russia, he added.
他补充称,如果极端分子没有受到打击,这些部队就应该扩大到俄罗斯。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with parties like Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克等各方的合作。
While Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with parties like Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
虽然俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克等各方的合作。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with parties like Syria, Iran and Iraq on this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克等各方的合作。
Although Russia and the West would not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with parties like Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方无法就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克等各方的合作。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement on the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia could strengthen cooperation with parties like Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯可以在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克等各方的合作。
Although Russia and the West did not reach an agreement regarding the cooperation against the extremist forces of Syria, Russia would strengthen cooperation with parties like Syria, Iran and Iraq in this regard.
尽管俄罗斯和西方没有就打击叙利亚极端势力的合作达成协议,但俄罗斯将在这方面加强与叙利亚、伊朗和伊拉克等各方的合作。
In September 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年9月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
In October 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年10月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
In June 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年6月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
In November 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年11月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
In July 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年7月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
In December 2015, Russia, at the invitation of the Syrian government, began a military strike against Syrian extremist forces.
2015年12月,俄罗斯应叙利亚政府的邀请,开始对叙利亚极端势力发动军事打击。
On March 15 this year, Russia's major military forces in Syria began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the air base in Hmeimin and the naval base in Tartus.
今年3月15日,俄罗斯在叙利亚的主要军队开始撤离,但俄方承诺继续保留在赫梅明的空军基地和在塔尔图斯的海军基地。
On February 15 this year, Russia's major military forces in Syria began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the air base in Hmeimin and the naval base in Tartus.
今年2月15日,俄罗斯在叙利亚的主要军队开始撤离,但俄方承诺继续保留在赫梅明的空军基地和在塔尔图斯的海军基地。
On April 15 this year, Russia's major military forces in Syria began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the air base in Hmeimin and the naval base in Tartus.
今年4月15日,俄罗斯驻叙利亚的主要军队开始撤离,但俄方承诺继续保留在赫梅明的空军基地和在塔尔图斯的海军基地。
On January 15 this year, Russia's major military forces in Syria began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the air base in Hmeimin and the naval base in Tartus.
今年1月15日,俄罗斯在叙利亚的主要军队开始撤离,但俄方承诺继续保留在赫梅明的空军基地和在塔尔图斯的海军基地。
On July 15 this year, Russia's major military forces in Syria began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the air base in Hmeimin and the naval base in Tartus.
今年7月15日,俄罗斯在叙利亚的主要军队开始撤离,但俄方承诺继续保留在赫梅明的空军基地和在塔尔图斯的海军基地。
On June 15 this year, Russia's major military forces in Syria began to evacuate, but the Russian side promised to continue to retain the air base in Hmeimin and the naval base in Tartus.
今年6月15日,俄罗斯驻叙利亚的主要军队开始撤离,但俄方承诺继续保留在赫梅明的空军基地和在塔尔图斯的海军基地。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example by inheriting a 100-year old house and telling a story about the land heritage.
在改造老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君继承了一所100年的老房子,并讲述了一处有关土地遗产的故事,从而树立了一个好榜样。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example by inheriting a 100-years old house and telling a story about the land heritage.
在改造老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君继承了一座100年的老房子,并讲述了有关土地遗产的故事,从而树立了一个好榜样。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example by inheriting a 200-year old house and telling a story about the land heritage.
在改造老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君继承了一所200年的老房子,并讲述了有关土地遗产的故事,从而树立了一个好榜样。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example by inheriting a 300-year old house and telling a story about the land heritage.
在改造老房子和成功创办家乡时,何培君继承了一座300年的老房子,并讲述了有关土地遗产的故事,从而树立了一个好榜样。
In the case of renovating old houses and successful startup in her hometown, He Peijun is making a good example by inheriting a 100-year old house and telling a story about the land heritage.
在她家乡修缮老房子和成功创办房屋方面,何培君树立了一个好榜样,继承了一座100年的老房子,并讲述了有关土地遗产的故事。
In a case of renovating old houses and successful startup in his hometown, He Peijun is making a good example by inheriting a 100-year old house and telling a story about the land heritage.
在修复老房子和成功创办家乡的情况下,何培君继承了一所100年的老房子,并讲述了一处有关土地遗产的故事,从而树立了一个好榜样。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan every year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种各样的思想或寻求内心的平静。
Today, 200, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有20万人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
Today, 300, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有30万人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
Today, 10, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas or seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10 000人参观Zhushan,带去各种想法或寻求内心平静。
Today, 100, 000 people on average visit Zhushan each year, bringing a variety of ideas and seeking inner peace.
今天,平均每年有10万人参观Zhushan,带去各种各样的思想,寻求内心的平静。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
事实上,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,和睦相处,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In addition, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
此外,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,和睦相处,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In essence, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
从本质上讲,乡村和城市的关系应该和母亲和孩子一样,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In general, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
一般来说,乡村和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,是紧密相连的。无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In short, the relationship between the village and the city should companionship, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
简言之,村庄和城市的关系应该像母亲和孩子一样,和睦相处,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
In fact, the relationship between the village and the city is companionship, just like mother and child. No matter strong or weak. There is no need for any party to be governed by the other party. Such a relationship is warm.
事实上,乡村与城市的关系就像母亲与孩子的关系一样,无论强弱,任何一方都没有必要受另一方的支配,这种关系是温和的。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. A critical thing is to encourage the right people to go to villages.
农村发展没有固定的模式,但仅仅依靠自发的农村变革是相当困难的,关键是要鼓励正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. The critical thing is to encourage the right people to go to villages.
没有固定的农村发展模式,但仅仅依靠自然的农村变化是相当困难的,关键是要鼓励正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is very difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. A critical thing is to encourage the right people to go to villages.
没有固定的农村发展模式,但是要依靠自然的农村变革是很困难的,关键是要鼓励正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is extremely difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. A critical thing is to encourage the right people to go to villages.
农村发展没有固定的模式,但仅仅依靠自发的农村变革是极其困难的,关键是要鼓励正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on gradual rural changes. A critical thing is to encourage the right people to go to villages.
农村发展没有固定的模式,但是要依靠农村的渐进变化是相当困难的,关键是要鼓励正确的人去农村。
There is no fixed pattern of rural development, but it is quite difficult to just rely on spontaneous rural changes. A crucial thing is to encourage the right people to go to villages.
农村发展没有固定的模式,但仅仅依靠自发的农村变革是相当困难的,关键是要鼓励正确的人去农村。
The traffic control department of Songjiang District, Shanghai, recently used electronic police to monitor whether drivers play mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制部门最近利用电子警察监测司机驾驶时是否使用移动电话,结果一周内共发现30多起。
The traffic control department of Jinjiang District, Shanghai, recently used electronic police to monitor whether drivers play mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海金江区交通管制部门最近利用电子警察监测司机驾驶时是否使用移动电话,结果一周内共发现30多起。
The traffic control department of Songjiang District, Shanghai, recently used electronic police to monitor whether drivers play mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a month.
上海松江区交通管制部门最近利用电子警察监测司机驾驶时是否使用移动电话,结果一个月中发现了30多起。
The traffic control department of Songjiang District, Shanghai, recently used electronic police to monitor whether drivers play mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected within a week.
上海松江区交通管制部门最近利用电子警察监测司机驾驶时是否使用移动电话,结果一周内共发现30多起。
The traffic control department of Songjiang District, Shanghai, recently used electronic police to monitor whether drivers play mobile phone when driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制部门最近利用电子警察监测司机驾驶时是否使用移动电话,结果一周内共发现30多起。
The traffic control department of Songjiang District, Shanghai, recently used electronic police to monitor whether passengers play mobile phone while driving. As a result, more than 30 cases were detected in a week.
上海松江区交通管制部门最近利用电子警察监测旅客驾驶时是否使用移动电话,结果一周内共发现30多起。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more interesting. WeChat chatting, microblogging, playing games and even shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot do without the phone for a moment, and cannot stop doing so even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越受欢迎,在淘宝上聊天、微博、玩游戏甚至购物已成为常态,似乎很多人暂时不能没有手机,即使在开车时也不能停止这么做。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more interesting. iChat chatting, microblogging, playing games and even shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot do without the phone for a moment, and cannot stop doing so even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越有趣了。iChat聊天、微博、玩游戏甚至淘宝购物已经司空见惯了,似乎很多人暂时不能没有手机,即使在开车的时候也无法停止这么做。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more interesting. WeChat chatting, microblogging, playing games and even shopping on Taobao has become normal. It seems that many people cannot do without the phone for a moment, and cannot stop doing so even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越受欢迎,在淘宝上聊天、微博、玩游戏甚至购物已成为常态,许多人似乎暂时不能没有手机,即使在开车时也不能停止这么做。
With the popularity of smart phones, cell phones become more and more interesting. WeChat chatting, microblogging, playing games and even shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot do without the phone for a moment, and cannot stop doing so even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越受欢迎,在淘宝上聊天、微博、玩游戏甚至购物已成为常态,似乎很多人暂时不能没有手机,即使在开车时也不能停止这么做。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more interesting. WeChat chatting, microblogging, playing games and even shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people can do without the phone for a moment, and cannot stop doing so even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越有趣了。在淘宝上聊天、微博、玩游戏甚至购物,似乎很多人可以暂时不用手机,即使在开车时也不能停止这么做。
With the popularity of smart phones, mobile phones become more and more interesting. WeChat chatting, microblogging, playing games and even shopping on Taobao have become normal. It seems that many people cannot do without the phone for a moment, or cannot stop doing so even when driving.
随着智能手机的普及,手机越来越受欢迎,在淘宝上聊天、微博、玩游戏甚至购物已成为常态,似乎很多人暂时不能没有手机,即使在开车时也不能停止这么做。
According to the Road Traffic Safety Law, mobile phones playing is banned and defined as one of the " behaviors threating driving safety ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为“威胁驾驶安全的行为”。
According to the Road Traffic Safety Law, mobile phones playing was banned and defined as one of the " behaviors threating driving safety ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为“威胁驾驶安全的行为”。
According to the Road Traffic Safety Law, cell phones playing is banned and defined as one of the " behaviors threating driving safety ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为“威胁驾驶安全的行为”。
According to the Road Traffic Safety Law, mobile phones playing is banned and categorized as one of the " behaviors threating driving safety ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被归类为威胁驾驶安全的行为之一。
According to the Road Traffic Safety Law, mobile phones playing is banned and defined as one of the " behaviors harming driving safety ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为“危害驾驶安全的行为”。
According to the Road Traffic Safety Law, mobile phones playing is prohibited and defined as one of the " behaviors threating driving safety ".
根据《道路交通安全法》,手机游戏被禁止,并被定义为威胁驾驶安全的行为之一。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidence, those people have never been punished and make the law become a kind of decoration.
遗憾的是,由于一些原因,如违法案件数量众多,难以取得证据,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the high number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidence, those people have never been punished and make the law become a kind of decoration.
遗憾的是,由于一些原因,如违法案件数量众多,难以取得证据,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the great number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidence, those people have never been punished and make the law become a kind of decoration.
遗憾的是,由于大量违法案件和难以取得证据等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases or difficulty in obtaining evidence, those people have never been punished and make the law become a kind of decoration.
遗憾的是,由于大量违法案件或难以取得证据等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为装饰品。
However, due to some reasons such as the large number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidence, those people have never been punished and make the law become a kind of decoration.
然而,由于大量违法案件和难以取得证据等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为一种装饰。
Unfortunately, due to some reasons such as the huge number of illegal cases and difficulty in obtaining evidence, those people have never been punished and make the law become a kind of decoration.
不幸的是,由于大量违法案件和难以取得证据等原因,这些人从未受到处罚,使法律成为一种装饰。
If the traffic control department can determine to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior during driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门能够决定对手机在行驶中的玩耍行为宣战并规范这些措施,则此类违法行为必将受到遏制。
If a traffic control department can determine to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior during driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门在驾驶时能决定对手机游戏行为宣战,并将这些措施规范化,则此类非法行为必将受到遏制。
If the traffic control department can determine to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior during driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors can surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门能够决定对手机在行驶中的玩耍行为宣战并将这些措施规范化,则此类违法行为必将受到遏制。
If the traffic control department can determine to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior during driving or normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门在驾车过程中能够决定对手机游戏行为宣战,或者对此类措施进行规范化,则此类非法行为必将受到遏制。
If the traffic control department can determine to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior while driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门能够决定对手机游戏行为宣战,同时驾驶和规范此类措施,则此类非法行为必将受到遏制。
If the traffic control department can determine to declare war to the mobile phone playing behavior when driving and normalize such measures, such illegal behaviors will surely be curbed.
如果交通管制部门在驾驶时能决定对手机游戏行为宣战,并将这些措施规范化,则此类非法行为必将受到遏制。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure data integrity and validity of the files.
公安机关应当严格办理户口管理,逐步建立户口无户口人的电子文件和纸件档案,保证档案完整有效。
The national security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure data integrity and validity of the files.
国家安全机关对户口管理要严格,逐步建立户口没有户口的户口电子文件和纸件档案,保证档案完整有效。
The social security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure data integrity and validity of the files.
社会保险机关应当严格办理户口管理,逐步建立户口无户口人的电子文件和纸件档案,保证档案完整有效。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure data integrity and validity of these files.
公安机关应当严格办理户口管理,逐步建立户口无户口人的电子文件和纸件档案,保证档案完整有效。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually establishing electronic and paper files for persons without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure data integrity and validity of the files.
公安机关对户口登记实行严格管理,逐步建立户口没有户口的户口电子文件和纸件档案,保证档案完整有效。
The public security organ shall be strict with household registration management by gradually creating electronic and paper files for people without Hukou ( household registration ) and ensure data integrity and validity of the files.
公安机关应当严格办理户口管理,逐步为无户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口人建立电子文件和纸文件,保障户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口户口口口信息的完整性和有效性。
The public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,公安机关应当及时通知有关部门。
The internal security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
境内安全机关对户口不登记的人,应当及时通知有关部门。
The national security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记的,由国家安全机关及时通知有关部门。
The state security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记,由国家安全机关及时通知有关部门。
The social security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
未经户口登记的,由社会保障机关及时通知有关部门。
A public security organ shall promptly notify the relevant departments of the registration of people without Hukou.
公安机关应当将户口不登记的情况及时通知有关部门。
The policy measures that are inconsistent with this implementation idea will receive a centralized cleanup. Careful modifications should be made for those that need such modifications while resolutely abolish those that need to be abolished.
与 执行 构想 不符 的 政策 措施 将 得到 集中 的 清理, 应 仔细 修改 那些 需要 修改 的 政策 措施, 同时 坚决 废除 那些 需要 废除 的 政策 措施 。
Those policy measures that are inconsistent with this implementation idea will receive a centralized cleanup. Careful modifications should be made for those that need such modifications while resolutely abolish those that need to be abolished.
与 执行 构想 不符 的 政策 措施 将 得到 集中 的 清理, 应 仔细 修改 需要 修改 的 政策 措施, 同时 坚决 废除 需要 废除 的 政策 措施 。
Any policy measures that are inconsistent with this implementation idea will receive a centralized cleanup. Careful modifications should be made for those that need such modifications while resolutely abolish those that need to be abolished.
任何 与 执行 构想 不符 的 政策 措施 都 将 得到 集中 的 清理, 应当 对 需要 作出 这种 修改 的 政策 作出 认真 的 修改, 同时 坚决 废除 需要 废除 的 政策 。
All policy measures that are inconsistent with this implementation idea will receive a centralized cleanup. Careful modifications should be made for those that need such modifications while resolutely abolish those that need to be abolished.
与这一执行理念不一致的所有政策措施都将得到集中清理,应仔细修改那些需要修改的政策措施,同时坚决废除那些需要废除的政策措施。
The administrative measures that are inconsistent with this implementation idea will receive a centralized cleanup. Careful modifications should be made for those that need such modifications while resolutely abolish those that need to be abolished.
与 执行 构想 不符 的 行政 措施 将 得到 集中 的 清理, 应当 对 需要 作出 这种 修改 的 措施 作出 认真 的 修改, 同时 坚决 废除 需要 废除 的 措施 。
The policy measures which are inconsistent with this implementation idea will receive a centralized cleanup. Careful modifications should be made for those that need such modifications while resolutely abolish those that need to be abolished.
与 执行 构想 不符 的 政策 措施 将 得到 集中 的 清理, 应当 对 需要 作出 这种 修改 的 措施 作出 认真 的 修改, 同时 坚决 废除 需要 废除 的 措施 。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin Village, Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,48岁的王学芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In a collective greenhouse of Donglin Village, Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村的一个集体温室里,48岁的王学芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒杀虫剂。
In the collective greenhouse of Yulin Village, Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市榆林村集体温室里,48岁的王雪芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒杀虫剂。
At the collective greenhouse of Donglin Village, Taicang City, the 48-year-old Wang Xuefen is leading workers to spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室,48岁的王学芬带领工人在梨树上喷洒农药。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin Village, Taicang City, the 48-year-old Zhang Xuefen is leading workers to spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室里,48岁的张学芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒杀虫剂。
In the collective greenhouse of Donglin Village, Taicang City, the 48-year-old Chen Xuefen is leading workers to spray pesticides on pear trees.
在太仓市东林村集体温室里,48岁的陈雪芬正带领工人在梨树上喷洒杀虫剂。
The 150 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) of orchards and more than 10 species only require 12 workers plus a technical engineer to do the job.
150亩 ( 面积单位, 1亩 = 0.0667公顷 ) 的果园和10多个物种只需要12个工人加上一名技术工程师来完成这项工作.
The 100 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) of orchards and more than 10 species only require 12 workers plus a technical engineer to do the job.
果园100亩 ( 面积单位, 1亩 = 0.0667公顷 ) 和10多个物种只需要12个工人加上一名技术工程师来完成这项工作.
The 150 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) of orchards and more than 10 species only require four workers plus a technical engineer to do the job.
150亩 ( 面积单位, 1亩 = 0.0667公顷 ) 的果园和10多个物种只需要4个工人和1个技术工程师来完成这项工作.
The 150 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) of orchards and more than 10 species only require three workers plus a technical engineer to do the job.
150亩 ( 面积单位, 1亩 = 0.0667公顷 ) 的果园和10多个物种只需要3个工人和1个技术工程师来完成这项工作.
The 150 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0677 hectares ) of orchards and more than 10 species only require 12 workers plus a technical engineer to do the job.
150亩 ( 面积单位, 1亩 = 0.0677公顷 ) 的果园和10多个物种只需要12个工人加上一名技术工程师来完成这项工作.
The 150 mu ( a unit of area, one " mu " = 0. 0667 hectares ) of orchards and more than 10 species only require two workers plus a technical engineer to do the job.
150亩 ( 面积单位, 1亩 = 0.0667公顷 ) 的果园和10多个物种只需要2个工人和1个技术工程师来完成这项工作.
Last year, the income was RMB 50, 000 in total. I cannot earn so much if I work in a factory because in view of my age.
去年的收入总共是5万元人民币,如果在工厂工作,我赚不了这么多钱,因为我年纪大了。
Last year, the income was RMB 50, 000 in total. I cannot earn so much if I work at a factory because in view of my age.
去年的收入总共是5万元人民币,如果在工厂工作,我赚不了这么多钱,因为我年纪大了。
Last year, the income was RMB 50, 000 in total. I cannot make so much if I work in a factory because in view of my age.
去年的收入总共是5万元人民币,因为考虑到我的年龄,如果在工厂工作,我就不能赚这么多钱了。
Last year, the income was RMB 50, 000 in total. I cannot earn so much when I work in a factory because in view of my age.
去年的收入总共是5万元人民币,我在一家工厂工作时挣不了那么多钱,因为我年纪大了。
Last year, the income was RMB 50, 000 in total. I cannot earn as much if I work in a factory because in view of my age.
去年的收入总共是5万元人民币,我在工厂工作,因为年纪大,挣不了那么多钱。
This year, the income was RMB 50, 000 in total. I cannot earn so much if I work in a factory because in view of my age.
今年的收入总共是5万元人民币,如果在工厂工作,我赚不了这么多钱,因为我年纪大了。
Last year, the income of Donglin Village reached RMB 22 million, of which the total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
去年,东林村的收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业收入近半。
Last year, the income of Donglin Village exceeded RMB 22 million, of which the total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
去年,东林村的收入超过2200万元人民币,其中农业收入近半。
Last year, the income of Donglin Village reached RMB 22 million, of which the total agricultural income accounted for almost a half.
去年,东林村的收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last year, the income of Donglin Village was RMB 22 million, of which the total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
去年,东林村的收入为2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last year, the income of Yulin Village reached RMB 22 million, of which the total agricultural income accounted for nearly a half.
去年,玉林村的收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入近半。
Last year, the income of Donglin Village reached RMB 22 million, of which the total agricultural income accounted for over a half.
去年,东林村的收入达到2200万元人民币,其中农业总收入占一半以上。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area has increased each year from 50 mu at the beginning to over 100 mu. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also has potential for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积由刚开始的50亩增加到100亩以上,农民收入逐年增加,农民专业收入每年也有增长的潜力。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area has increased each year from 20 mu at the beginning to over 100 mu. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also has potential for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积由刚开始的20亩增加到100亩以上,农民收入逐年增加,农民专业收入每年也有增长的潜力。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area has increased each year from 10 mu at the beginning to over 100 mu. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also has potential for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积由刚开始的10亩增加到100亩以上,农民收入逐年增加,农民专业收入每年也有增长的潜力。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area has increased each year from 30 mu at the beginning to over 100 mu. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also has potential for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积由刚开始的30亩增加到100亩以上,农民收入逐年增加,农民专业收入每年也有增长的潜力。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area has increased each year from 50 mu in the beginning to over 100 mu. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also has potential for growth every year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积由刚开始的50亩增加到100亩以上,农民收入逐年增加,农民专业收入每年也有增长的潜力。
According to Su Qifang, the village secretary, per capita land cultivation area has increased each year from 50 mu at the beginning to over 100 mu. The revenue per mu increases every year and the income of professional farmers also has potential for growth each year.
据村长苏齐芳说,人均土地种植面积由刚开始的50亩增加到100亩以上,农民收入逐年增加,农民专业收入每年也有增长的潜力。
With shares allocated to each villager, the highlight of the southern Jiangsu rural collective economic reform is to clarify the property rights of rural collective operation and to explore political and economic separation.
江苏南部农村集体经济改革的重点是明确农村集体经营的产权,探讨政治与经济分离问题。
With land allocated to each villager, the highlight of the southern Jiangsu rural collective economic reform is to clarify the property rights of rural collective operation and to explore political and economic separation.
江苏南部农村集体经济改革的重点是明确农村集体经营的产权,探讨政治与经济分离问题。
With resources allocated to each villager, the highlight of the southern Jiangsu rural collective economic reform is to clarify the property rights of rural collective operation and to explore political and economic separation.
江苏南部农村集体经济改革的重点是明确农村集体经营的产权,探讨政治与经济分离问题。
With shares allocated to each villager, a highlight of the southern Jiangsu rural collective economic reform is to clarify the property rights of rural collective operation and to explore political and economic separation.
江苏南部农村集体经济改革的重点是明确农村集体经营的产权,探讨政治与经济分离问题。
With shares allocated to each villager, one highlight of the southern Jiangsu rural collective economic reform is to clarify the property rights of rural collective operation and to explore political and economic separation.
江苏南部农村集体经济改革的一个突出点是明确农村集体经营的产权,探讨政治与经济分离问题。
With shares allocated to each villager, the highlight of the southern Jiangsu rural collective economic reform is to clarify the basic rights of rural collective operation and to explore political and economic separation.
江苏南部农村集体经济改革的重点是明确农村集体经营的基本权利,探讨政治与经济分离问题。
In July 2015, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations of Anzhen Street, Xishan District, Wuxi, worked with the village committee to implement " management of differential accounts ". The village committee implements rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年7月,无锡西山县安镇街14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“差分账户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,合作社主要从事经营活动。
In August 2015, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations of Anzhen Street, Xishan District, Wuxi, worked with the village committee to implement " management of differential accounts ". The village committee implements rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年8月,无锡西山县安镇街14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“差分账户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,合作社主要从事经营活动。
In March 2015, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations of Anzhen Street, Xishan District, Wuxi, worked with the village committee to implement " management of differential accounts ". The village committee implements rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年3月,无锡西山县安镇街14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“差分账户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,合作社主要从事经营活动。
In June 2015, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations of Anzhen Street, Xishan District, Wuxi, worked with the village committee to implement " management of differential accounts ". The village committee implements rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年6月,无锡西山县安镇街14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“差分账户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,合作社主要从事经营活动。
In October 2015, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations of Anzhen Street, Xishan District, Wuxi, worked with the village committee to implement " management of differential accounts ". The village committee implements rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年10月,无锡西山县安镇街14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“差分账户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,合作社主要从事经营活动。
In September 2015, 14 rural economic cooperation organizations of Anzhen Street, Xishan District, Wuxi, worked with the village committee to implement " management of differential accounts ". The village committee implements rural public affairs management while the cooperative organizations were mainly engaged in business.
2015年9月,无锡西山县安镇街14个农村经济合作组织与村委会合作实施“差分账户管理”,村委会实施农村公共事务管理,合作社主要从事经营活动。
With two different accounts for the two kinds of organizations, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
这两种组织存在两个不同的账户,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
Given two different accounts for the two kinds of organizations, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
鉴于两类组织存在两种不同的原因,这可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
With very different accounts for the two kinds of organizations, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
由于两类组织存在很大的差异,因此可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
With slightly different accounts for the two kinds of organizations, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
由于两类组织略有不同,因此可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
With two different accounts for the two types of organizations, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
两类组织有两种不同的核算方式,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
Having two different accounts for the two kinds of organizations, this can prevent the village cadres from participating in collective asset management corruption.
两类组织存在两个不同的账户,可以防止村干部参与集体资产管理腐败。
Zhu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu is to continue to promote the reform of community joint stock cooperation system, encourage farmers to seek development via unification and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱保平表示,江苏的下一步是继续推进社区股份合作体制改革,鼓励农民统一发展,建立村级民主权力经营机制。
Zhu Haoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu is to continue to promote the reform of community joint stock cooperation system, encourage farmers to seek development via unification and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱浩平表示,江苏的下一步是继续推进社区股份合作体制改革,鼓励农民统一发展,建立村级民主权力经营机制。
Zhu Daoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu is to continue to promote the reform of community joint stock cooperation system, encourage farmers to seek development via unification and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任朱多平表示,江苏的下一步是继续推进社区股份合作体制改革,鼓励农民统一发展,建立村级民主权力经营机制。
Liu Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu is to continue to promote the reform of community joint stock cooperation system, encourage farmers to seek development via unification and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任刘保平表示,江苏的下一步是继续推进社区股份合作体制改革,鼓励农民统一发展,建立村级民主权力经营机制。
Li Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu is to continue to promote the reform of community joint stock cooperation system, encourage farmers to seek development via unification and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任李保平表示,江苏的下一步是继续推进社区股份合作体制改革,鼓励农民统一发展,建立村级民主权力经营机制。
Wang Baoping, deputy director of the Jiangsu Provincial Agriculture Committee, said that the next step of Jiangsu is to continue to promote the reform of community joint stock cooperation system, encourage farmers to seek development via unification and establish a village-level democratic power operation mechanism.
江苏省农业委员会副主任王保平表示,江苏的下一步是继续推进社区股份合作体制改革,鼓励农民统一发展,建立村级民主权力经营机制。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further push the reform, develop community joint stock cooperation, quantify assets to community members and distribute them to farmers to clarify property rights.
根据朱保平的说法,他们应该进一步推动改革,发展社区股份合作,量化资产给社区成员,并将资产分发给农民,以澄清产权问题。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further push the reform, establish community joint stock cooperation, quantify assets to community members and distribute them to farmers to clarify property rights.
根据朱保平的说法,他们应该进一步推动改革,建立社区股份合作,量化资产给社区成员,并将资产分发给农民,以澄清产权问题。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further push the reform, promote community joint stock cooperation, quantify assets to community members and distribute them to farmers to clarify property rights.
朱保平认为,应进一步推动改革,促进社区股合作,量化资产给社区成员,并将资产分配给农民,以明确产权。
According to Zhu Baoping, they should further push the reform, encourage community joint stock cooperation, quantify assets to community members and distribute them to farmers to clarify property rights.
根据朱保平的说法,他们应该进一步推动改革,鼓励社区股市合作,量化资产给社区成员,并将资产分发给农民,以澄清产权问题。
According to Zhu Daoping, they should further push the reform, develop community joint stock cooperation, quantify assets to community members and distribute them to farmers to clarify property rights.
朱大平认为,应进一步推动改革,发展社区股份合作,量化资产给社区成员,并分配给农民明确产权。
According to Liu Baoping, they should further push the reform, develop community joint stock cooperation, quantify assets to community members and distribute them to farmers to clarify property rights.
刘保平认为,应进一步推动改革,发展社区股份合作,对社区成员资产进行量化,并将资产分配给农民,以明确产权。
Through the " Internet + " measure, farmers will be provided with the rights to know and to participate in decision-making and democratic management, actually making it a standard operation mechanism for joint-stock cooperation.
通过“互联网+”措施,农民将获得知情权和参与决策权以及民主管理权,使其成为股份合作的标准运作机制。
Through an " Internet + " measure, farmers will be provided with the rights to know and to participate in decision-making and democratic management, actually making it a standard operation mechanism for joint-stock cooperation.
将通过"互联网+"措施,为农民提供知情权以及参与决策和民主管理的权利,使其成为股份合作的标准运作机制。
Through this " Internet + " measure, farmers will be provided with the rights to know and to participate in decision-making and democratic management, actually making it a standard operation mechanism for joint-stock cooperation.
通过这一"互联网+"措施,农民将获得知情权以及参与决策和民主管理的权利,使其成为股份合作的标准运作机制。
Through the " Internet + " measure, farmers would be provided with the rights to know and to participate in decision-making and democratic management, actually making it a standard operation mechanism for joint-stock cooperation.
通过"互联网+"措施,农民将获得知情权以及参与决策和民主管理的权利,使其成为股份合作的标准运作机制。
Through the " Internet + " measure, farmers will be provided with the right to know and to participate in decision-making and democratic management, actually making it a standard operation mechanism for joint-stock cooperation.
通过“互联网+”措施,农民将获得知情权和参与决策权以及民主管理权,使其成为股份合作的标准运作机制。
With the " Internet + " measure, farmers will be provided with the rights to know and to participate in decision-making and democratic management, actually making it a standard operation mechanism for joint-stock cooperation.
通过“互联网+”措施,农民将获得知情权和参与决策权以及民主管理权,使其成为股份合作的标准运作机制。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu villages mainly consists of four development modes, namely asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南部村落的新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu villages mostly consists of four development modes, namely asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南部农村新的集体经济主要有资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展四种发展方式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu villages mainly consists of five development modes, namely asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南部农村新型集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展等五大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu villages mainly consists of four development modes, including asset leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南部村落的新集体经济主要包括资产租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展四大发展模式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu villages mainly consists of four development modes, namely asset leasing, capital stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南部农村新的集体经济主要有资产租赁、资本存量、农业发展和联合发展四种发展方式。
At present, the new collective economy in southern Jiangsu villages mainly consists of four development modes, namely land leasing, enterprise stock, agricultural development and joint development.
目前,江苏南部农村新的集体经济主要有土地租赁、企业存量、农业发展和联合发展四种发展方式。
It is learned that overseas exhibitions have become an important platform for the Belt and Road Initiative construction of Zhejiang Province.
据悉,海外展览会已成为浙江省带道工程建设的重要平台。
It is learned that overseas exhibitions will become an important platform for the Belt and Road Initiative construction of Zhejiang Province.
据悉,海外展览会将成为浙江省带道工程建设的重要平台。
It is learned that overseas exhibitions have become an important platform for the Belt and Road Initiative construction of Zhejiang province.
据悉,海外展览会已成为浙江省带道工程建设的重要平台。
It is learned that overseas exhibitions could become an important platform for the Belt and Road Initiative construction of Zhejiang Province.
据悉,海外展览会将成为浙江省带道工程建设的重要平台。
It was learned that overseas exhibitions have become an important platform for the Belt and Road Initiative construction of Zhejiang Province.
据悉,海外展览会已成为浙江省带道工程建设的重要平台。
It has learned that overseas exhibitions have become an important platform for the Belt and Road Initiative construction of Zhejiang Province.
据悉,海外展览会已成为浙江省带道工程建设的重要平台。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration in emerging markets along the Belt and Road Initiative-related countries and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿带道倡议相关各国新兴市场的不断探索和海外展览综合平台的建设奠定了良好基础。
The development of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration in emerging markets along the Belt and Road Initiative-related countries and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览会的发展,为沿带道倡议相关各国新兴市场的不断探索和海外展览综合平台的建设积累了宝贵的经验,奠定了良好的基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions have accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration in emerging markets along the Belt and Road Initiative-related countries and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿带道倡议相关各国新兴市场的不断探索和海外展览综合平台的建设奠定了良好基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a strong foundation for the continuous exploration in emerging markets along the Belt and Road Initiative-related countries and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿带道倡议相关各国新兴市场的不断探索和海外展览综合平台的建设奠定了坚实基础。
The success of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a solid foundation for the continuous exploration in emerging markets along the Belt and Road Initiative-related countries and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
这些海外展览的成功经验丰富,为沿“带道倡议”相关各国新兴市场的不断探索和海外展览综合平台的建设奠定了坚实基础。
The organization of these overseas exhibitions has accumulated valuable experience and laid a good foundation for the continuous exploration in emerging markets along the Belt and Road Initiative-related countries and building overseas exhibition integrated platform.
举办这些海外展览,积累了宝贵的经验,为沿带道倡议相关各国新兴市场的不断探索和海外展览一体化平台的建设奠定了良好基础。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building a sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading from single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
提高体育水平将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快从单一体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building a sport industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading from single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
环评将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快从单一体育用品制造企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
BEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building a sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading from single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
重点始终是促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快从单一体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
SPEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building a sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading from single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
SPEAK将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快从单一体育用品制造企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, building a sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading from single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
PEK将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建设体育产业生态圈,加快从单一体育用品制造企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
PEAK will always be oriented to promoting consumer demand, establishing a sports industry ecosphere and accelerating the strategic upgrading from single sporting goods manufacturing enterprise to professional sports service enterprises.
提高体育水平将始终着眼于促进消费者需求,建立体育产业生态圈,加快从单一体育用品生产企业向专业体育服务企业的战略升级。
Another 34 people were injured, among which three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were now discharged from hospital, Hamir added.
另有34人受伤,其中3人受轻伤,现已出院。
Another five people were injured, among which three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were now discharged from hospital, Hamir added.
另有五人受伤,其中三名消防队员受轻伤,现已出院。
Another 34 people were injured, among which four firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were now discharged from hospital, Hamir added.
另有34人受伤,其中4人受轻伤,现已出院。
Another 34 people were injured, among which two firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were now discharged from hospital, Hamir added.
另有34人受伤,其中两名消防队员受轻伤,现已出院。
Some 34 people were injured, among which three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were now discharged from hospital, Hamir added.
哈米尔补充称,受伤人数约为34人,其中3人受轻伤,现已出院。
About 34 people were injured, among which three firefighters suffered from minor injuries and were now discharged from hospital, Hamir added.
哈米尔补充称,受伤人数约为34人,其中3人受轻伤,现已出院。
As some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the apartment which caught fire to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁着火的公寓居民与当局联系。
As several of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the apartment which caught fire to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁着火的公寓内的居民与当局联系。
As two of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the apartment which caught fire to contact the authorities.
由于两名房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁着火的公寓居民与当局联系。
As most of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the apartment which caught fire to contact the authorities.
由于大多数房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁着火的公寓居民与当局联系。
As many of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the apartment which caught fire to contact the authorities.
由于许多房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁着火的公寓居民与当局联系。
Since some of the tenants were still missing, he also called on residents of the apartment which caught fire to contact the authorities.
由于一些房客仍然下落不明,他也呼吁着火的公寓居民与当局联系。
It is reported that Ms. Mariana Turay who has been living in this apartment for 30 years said that " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道,马里亚娜·图雷女士已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说:“这就像是一颗炸弹落下来了。”
It is reported that Ms. Mariana Turay who has been living in this apartment for 30 years stated that " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道,马里亚娜·图雷女士已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说:“这就像是一颗炸弹落下来了。”
It is reported that Ms. Mariana Turay who has been living in this apartment for 30 years says that " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道,马里亚娜·图雷女士已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说:“这就像是一颗炸弹落下来了。”
It is reported that Ms. Mariana Turay who has been living in this apartment for 30 years commented that " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道,马里亚娜·图雷女士已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她评论道:“这就像是一颗炸弹落下来了。”
It is reported that Ms. Mariana Turay who has been living in this apartment for 30 years remarked that " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道,马里亚娜·图雷女士已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说:“这就像是一颗炸弹落下来了。”
It was reported that Ms. Mariana Turay who has been living in this apartment for 30 years said that " It seems like a bomb falling down. "
据报道,马里亚娜·图雷女士已经在这个公寓生活了30年,她说:“这就像是一颗炸弹落下来了。”
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报告,当地消防队花了一个小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire but residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报道,当地消防队花了一个小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,但附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent one hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报, 当地 消防 队 花了 一 个 小时 和 45 分钟 来 扑灭 火灾, 附近 建筑物 的 居民 几 小时 后 被 允许 返回 。
It was reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报, 当地 消防 队 花了 一 个 小时 和 45 分钟 来 扑灭 火灾, 附近 建筑物 的 居民 几 小时 后 被 允许 返回 。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent 1 hour and 45 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报告,当地消防队花了1小时45分钟来扑灭火灾,附近建筑物的居民在几小时内被允许返回。
It is reported that the local fire brigade spent an hour and 30 minutes to put out the fire and residents of the nearby buildings were allowed to return in a few hours.
据报, 当地 消防队 花了 一 个 小时 和 30 分钟 来 扑灭 火灾, 几 小时 内 允许 附近 建筑物 的 居民 返回 。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby temporarily.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,临时住在附近的收容所。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 80 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby temporarily.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至80人大多是西班牙人,临时住在附近的收容所。
American Red Cross staff estimated that nearly 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby temporarily.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,近100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,临时住在附近的收容所。
American Red Cross staff estimated that some 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby temporarily.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,临时住在附近的收容所。
American Red Cross staff estimated that around 100 people were homeless, 60 to 70 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby temporarily.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至70人大多是西班牙人,临时住在附近的收容所。
American Red Cross staff estimated that about 100 people were homeless, 60 to 75 among which were mostly hispanic and stayed in the shelters nearby temporarily.
据美国红十字会工作人员估计,大约有100人无家可归,其中60至75人大多是西班牙人,临时住在附近的收容所。
On August 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Hequan Lake ".
8月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城 “ 河泉湖 ” 开幕.
On October 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Hequan Lake ".
10月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城 “ 河泉湖 ” 开幕.
On November 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Hequan Lake ".
11月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城 “ 河泉湖 ” 开幕.
On September 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Hequan Lake ".
九月十一日, 第一届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州 淮底城 “ 河泉湖 ” 开幕.
On April 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Hequan Lake ".
4月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城 “ 河泉湖 ” 开幕.
On June 11, the first Jinzhou Wetland Tourism Festival kicked off at Jinzhou Qriental Huadicheng " Hequan Lake ".
6月11日, 首届锦州湿地旅游节在锦州嘉底城 “ 河泉湖 ” 开幕.
In 2014, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
2014年,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
In 2013, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
2013年,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
In 2012, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
2012年,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
In 2011, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
2011年,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
In 2010, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
2010年,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
In 2008, the revenue of tourism industry accounted for 10 % of the GDP of Jinzhou and reached 11. 3 % in 2015.
2008年,旅游业收入占国内生产总值的10%,2015年达到11.3%。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai Section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from the Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路临海段、大乐经济开发区一号,距离岭海市中心50公里,距离盘锦市70公里处。
The Petriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai Section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from the Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
西部华鼎城湿地温泉旅游区位于锦州市滨海公路平海区一号,离岭海市市区50公里,离盘锦市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai Section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 30 km away from the Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济发展区林海段1号,离岭海市中心区30公里,离盘锦市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai Section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 20 km away from the Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济发展区林海段1号,离岭海市市区20公里,离盘锦市70公里。
The Qriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai Section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 15 km away from the Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济发展区林海段1号,离岭海市中心15公里,离盘锦市70公里。
The veriental Huadicheng Wetland Hot Spring tourist area is located at No. 1, Linghai Section, Binhai Highway, Dayou Economic Development Zone, Jinzhou City. It is 50 km away from the Linghai downtown area and 70 km from Panjin City.
华鼎城湿地温泉旅游区位于金州市滨海公路、大乐经济发展区、岭海路段1号,离岭海市中心50公里,离盘锦市70公里。
There are 3, 000-square-meter indoor spa and 4, 600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内温泉浴场面积为3 000平方米,室外泉水面积为4 600平方米。
There are 4, 000-square-meter indoor spa and 4, 600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有4 000平方尺的温泉浴场,室外有4 600平方尺的泉水浴场。
There are 5, 000-square-meter indoor spa and 4, 600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有5 000平方尺的温泉浴场和4 600平方尺的室外泉水浴场。
There is 3, 000-square-meter indoor spa and 4, 600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有3000平方尺的温泉浴场和4600平方尺的室外泉水。
There are 3, 000-square-meter indoor spa and 2, 600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有3 000平方米的温泉浴场,室外有2 600平方米的泉水。
There are 6, 000-square-meter indoor spa and 4, 600-square-meter outdoor spring.
室内有6 000平方米的温泉浴场,室外有4 600平方米的泉水。
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to embark on shooting career, which saw several " reverses "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始射击生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Liu Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to embark on shooting career, which saw several " reverses "
厦门姑娘刘斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始射击生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Wang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to embark on shooting career, which saw several " reverses "
厦门姑娘王斌: “ 漂亮手 ” 鼓励她开始射击生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Yibin : " handsome hands " encourage her to embark on shooting career, which saw several " reverses "
厦门姑娘张宜斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始射击生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Binbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to embark on shooting career, which saw many " reverses "
厦门姑娘张斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始射击生涯, 目睹了很多“ 反差 ”
Xiamen girl Zhang Hongbin : " handsome hands " encourage her to embark on shooting career, which saw several " reverses "
厦门女郎张宏斌: “ 英俊的手 ” 鼓励她开始射击生涯, 目睹了几个 “ 反面 ”
Zhang Donghong, a villager of East Park Village, Xiang'an District, Xiamen, changed an old 29-inch TV into a new 65-inch large TV just a few days before.
厦门祥安区东公园村的村民张东宏在几天前将一台29英寸的旧电视改成了一台65英寸的大型电视机。
Zhang Zhong, a villager of East Park Village, Xiang'an District, Xiamen, changed an old 29-inch TV into a new 65-inch large TV just a few days before.
厦门祥安区东公园村的村民张钟,几天前把一台旧的29英寸电视改成了一台65英寸的大型电视机。
Chen Donghong, a villager of East Park Village, Xiang'an District, Xiamen, changed an old 29-inch TV into a new 65-inch large TV just a few days before.
厦门祥安区东公园村的村民陈东宏,几天前把一台29英寸的旧电视改成了一台65英寸的大型电视机。
Li Donghong, a villager of East Park Village, Xiang'an District, Xiamen, changed an old 29-inch TV into a new 65-inch large TV just a few days before.
厦门祥安区东公园村的村民李东宏,几天前把一台29英寸的旧电视改成了一台65英寸的大型电视机。
Zhang Donghong, a villager of East Park Village, Shuang'an District, Xiamen, changed an old 29-inch TV into a new 65-inch large TV just a few days before.
厦门双安区东公园村的村民张东宏在几天前把一台旧的29英寸电视改成了一台65英寸的大型电视机。
Liu Donghong, a villager of East Park Village, Xiang'an District, Xiamen, changed an old 29-inch TV into a new 65-inch large TV just a few days before.
厦门祥安区东公园村的村民刘东宏,几天前把一台29英寸的旧电视改成了一台65英寸的大型电视机。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter named Zhang Binbin, who is the one to win the three-posture final silver medal of the Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle game for China on the evening of the 11th day of the month.
那位普通的农夫有个女儿叫张斌,他是在月11日晚上为中国赢得奥运会女子50米步枪决赛三枚金牌的。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter named Zhang Binbin, who is the one to win the three-posture final silver medal of the Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle game for China in the evening of the 11th day of the month.
那位普通的农夫有个女儿叫张斌,他是在月11日晚上为中国赢得奥运会女子50米步枪决赛三枚金牌的。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter named Zhang Binbin, who is the one to win the three-posture final bronze medal of the Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle game for China on the evening of the 11th day of the month.
那位普通的农夫有个女儿叫张斌,他是在月11日晚上为中国赢得奥运会女子50米步枪决赛三枚铜牌的。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter named Liu Binbin, who is the one to win the three-posture final silver medal of the Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle game for China on the evening of the 11th day of the month.
那位普通的农夫有个女儿叫刘斌,他是在月11日晚上为中国赢得奥运会女子50米步枪决赛三枚金牌的。
The poor farmer has a daughter named Zhang Binbin, who is the one to win the three-posture final silver medal of the Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle game for China on the evening of the 11th day of the month.
这位贫穷的农夫有个女儿叫张斌,他是在月11日晚上为中国赢得奥运会女子50米步枪决赛三枚金牌的。
The ordinary farmer has a daughter named Wang Binbin, who is the one to win the three-posture final silver medal of the Olympic Games Women's 50-meters rifle game for China on the evening of the 11th day of the month.
这位普通的农夫有一个女儿,名叫王斌,他是在月11日晚上为中国赢得奥运会女子50米步枪决赛三枚金牌的。
Just then and just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends were witnessing the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning the game.
就在此时,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇和他们的数十位亲戚和朋友正在目睹一个神奇的过程,让这对夫妇的女儿追上和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰,到几乎赢得这场比赛。
Just then and just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends were witnessing the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from nearly being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning the game.
就在此时,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇和他们的数十位亲戚和朋友正在目睹一个神奇的过程,让这对夫妇的女儿追上和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰,到几乎赢得这场比赛。
Right then and just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends were witnessing the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning the game.
就在此时,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇和他们的数十位亲戚和朋友正在目睹一个神奇的过程,让这对夫妇的女儿追上和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰,到几乎赢得这场比赛。
Just then and just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their hundreds of relatives and friends were witnessing the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning the game.
就在此时,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇及其数百名亲戚和朋友见证了这对夫妇女儿的神奇过程:追赶和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰,到几乎赢得这场比赛。
Just then and just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends were witnessing the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to nearly winning the game.
就在此时,就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇和他们的数十位亲戚和朋友正在目睹一个神奇的过程,让这对夫妇的女儿追上和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰,到几乎赢得这场比赛。
Just now and just in front of this new TV set, the Zhang Donghong couple and their dozens of relatives and friends were witnessing the magic process for the couple's daughter to catch up and reverse from almost being eliminated in the preliminaries to almost winning the game.
就在这台新电视机前,张东红夫妇和他们的几十个亲戚和朋友正在目睹一个神奇的过程,让这对夫妇的女儿追上和扭转,从几乎在预演中被淘汰,到几乎赢得这场比赛。
During the competition of the that day, Zhang Binbin once ranked in the lower intermediate level and it seemed that she was still quite far away from the final.
在那天的比赛中,张斌曾经在中下一级排名,她似乎离决赛还很远。
In the competition of the that day, Zhang Binbin once ranked in the lower intermediate level and it seemed that she was still quite far away from the final.
在那天的比赛中,张斌曾经在中下一级排名,而且她似乎离决赛还很远。
During the competition of the that day, Zhang Binbin once ranked in the lower intermediate level but it seemed that she was still quite far away from the final.
在那天的比赛中,张斌曾经在中下一级排名,但她似乎离决赛还很远。
During the competition of the that day, Zhang Binbin once ranked at the lower intermediate level and it seemed that she was still quite far away from the final.
在那天的比赛中,张斌曾经在中下一级排名,她似乎离决赛还很远。
During the competition of the that day, Zhang Binbin once ranked in the lower intermediate level and it appeared that she was still quite far away from the final.
在那天的比赛中,张斌曾经在中下一级排名,她似乎离决赛还很远。
During the competition of the that day, Zhang Binbin once ranked on the lower intermediate level and it seemed that she was still quite far away from the final.
在那天的比赛中,张斌曾经在中下一级排名,她似乎离决赛还很远。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live broadcast and saw that as other players finish the game, Zhang Binbin raised her rank all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers took place in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,看到当其他球员结束比赛时,张斌一路提高她的级别,终于进入决赛,这时,她家里响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live broadcast and saw that as other players finish the game, Zhang Binbin increased her rank all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers took place in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,看到当其他球员结束比赛时,张斌一路提高她的排名,最终进入决赛,这时,她家里响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live broadcast and saw that as other players finish the game, Zhang Binbin kept her rank all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers took place in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,看到当其他球员结束比赛时,张斌始终保持她的排名,最终进入决赛,这时,她家里响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live broadcast and saw that as other players finish the game, Zhang Binbin raised her rank all the way and finally came to the final. During this time, a burst of cheers took place in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,看到当其他球员结束比赛时,张斌一路提高她的级别,终于进入决赛,在这期间,她家里响起了一阵欢呼声。
Even her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live broadcast and saw that as other players finish the game, Zhang Binbin raised her rank all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers took place in her home.
连她的父母和朋友也不放弃,继续观看现场直播,看到当其他球员结束比赛时,张斌一路抬起她的球员,终于进入决赛,这时,她家里响起了一阵欢呼声。
But her parents and friends did not give up, kept watching the live broadcast and saw that as other players finish the game, Zhang Binbin maintained her rank all the way and finally came to the final. At this time, a burst of cheers took place in her home.
但是,她的父母和朋友并没有放弃,继续观看现场直播,看到当其他球员结束比赛时,张斌始终保持她的级别,最终进入决赛,这时,她家里响起了一阵欢呼声。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin again started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌再次从落后开始,更加稳定地射门,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the bronze medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅0.2枚铜牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and took the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅拿了0.2枚银牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin also started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal by just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌也从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅赢得了0.2枚银牌。
In the final, Zhang Binbin had started from lagging behind and shot more stably and won the silver medal with just 0. 2 rings behind the champion.
在决赛中,张斌从落后开始,打得更稳,在冠军身后仅以0. 2 枚的成绩夺得了银牌。
Actually, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin has almost missed the hard-won silver medal for several times in the 16-year shooting career.
实际上,这位27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,几度差点没夺得了这枚来之不易的银牌。
Actually, the 26-year-old Zhang Binbin has almost missed the hard-won silver medal for several times in the 16-year shooting career.
事实上,26岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,几度差点没夺得了这枚来之不易的银牌。
Actually, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin has almost missed the hard-won silver medal for several times in the 15-year shooting career.
实际上,这位27岁的张斌在15年的射击生涯中,几度差点没夺得了这枚来之不易的银牌。
Actually, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin had almost missed the hard-won silver medal for several times in the 16-year shooting career.
实际上,这位27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,几度差点没夺得了这枚来之不易的银牌。
Actually, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin has almost missed the hard-won bronze medal for several times in the 16-year shooting career.
实际上,这位27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,几度差点错过了这枚来之不易的铜牌。
Actually, the 27-year-old Zhang Binbin has almost missed the hard-won silver medal for several times in the 16-years shooting career.
实际上,这位27岁的张斌在16年的射击生涯中,几度差点没夺得了这枚来之不易的银牌。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, Zhang Binbin brought a few " persuaders " from her village when they were hesitating.
据她的母亲张小龙说,张宾斌从她村里带了几个“说服者”来,当时他们正在犹豫。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, Zhang Binbin brought a few " persuaders " from her village while they were hesitating.
据她的母亲张小龙说,张斌从她村里带了几个“说服者”来,当时他们正在犹豫。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, Zhang Binbin brought a few " persuaders " from her village because they were hesitating.
据她的母亲张小龙说,张斌从她村里带了几个“劝说者”,因为他们犹豫不决。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, Zhang Binbin brought a few " persuaders " from her village as they were hesitating.
据她的母亲张小龙说,张斌从她村里带了几个“劝说者”来,他们正在犹豫。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, Zhang Binbin brought a dozen " persuaders " from her village when they were hesitating.
据她的母亲张小龙说,张宾斌从她村里带了十几个“说服者”来,当时他们正在犹豫。
According to her mother Zhang Xiaolong, Zhang Binbin brought a few " persuaders " from her village but they were hesitating.
据她的母亲张小龙说,张斌从她村里带了几个“劝说者”,但他们都犹豫不决。
These persuaders were girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's elder female cousin.
这些劝说者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加培训,其中包括张斌的年长女表弟。
These examiners were girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's elder female cousin.
这些考官是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加培训,其中包括张斌的表弟。
These admirers were girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's elder female cousin.
这些崇拜者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,她们被推荐同时参加培训,其中包括张斌的表弟。
These persuaders were girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's older female cousin.
这些劝说者是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被推荐同时参加培训,其中包括张斌的年长女表弟。
These takers were girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's elder female cousin.
这些学生是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被建议同时参加培训,其中包括张斌的年长女表弟。
These overseers were girls and boys of her village who were recommended to attend the training at the same time, including Zhang Binbin's elder female cousin.
这些监督员是她所在村庄的女孩和男孩,他们被建议同时参加培训,其中包括张斌的年长女表弟。
However, shortly after coming to the Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to a Xiang'an school to continue her study because of her family difficulties.
然而,在加入厦门队后不久,张斌再次主动返回湘安学校继续学习,因为她的家庭困难。
However, soon after coming to the Xiamen team, Zhang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to a Xiang'an school to continue her study because of her family difficulties.
然而,在加入厦门队后不久,张斌又主动回到湘安学校继续学习,因为她的家庭困难。
However, shortly after coming to the Xiamen team, Wang Binbin once again took the initiative to return to a Xiang'an school to continue her study because of her family difficulties.
然而,在加入厦门队后不久,王斌又主动回到湘安学校继续学习,因为她的家庭困难。
However, shortly after coming to the Xiamen team, Liu Binbin once again took the initiative to return to a Xiang'an school to continue her study because of her family difficulties.
然而,在加入厦门队后不久,刘斌再次主动回到湘安的一所学校继续学习,因为她的家庭困难。
However, shortly after coming to the Xiamen team, Chen Binbin once again took the initiative to return to a Xiang'an school to continue her study because of her family difficulties.
然而,在加入厦门队后不久,陈斌又主动回到湘安的一所学校继续学习,因为她的家庭困难。
However, shortly after coming to the Xiamen team, Li Binbin once again took the initiative to return to a Xiang'an school to continue her study because of her family difficulties.
然而,李斌在加入厦门队后不久,又主动回到湘安学校继续学习,因为她的家庭困难。
But after repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了厦门队。
But with repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
但是在她的启蒙老师的反复努力下,张斌回到了厦门队。
But through repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
但是经过她的启蒙老师的反复努力,张斌又回到了厦门队。
But despite repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
尽管她的启蒙老师一再努力, 张斌还是回到了厦门队.
Only after repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
在她的启蒙老师反复努力之后,张斌又回到了厦门队。
Then after repeated efforts of her enlightening teacher, Zhang Binbin returned to the Xiamen team.
经过她的启蒙老师的反复努力,张斌回到了厦门队。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home again because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌又回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And when she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home again because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
当她加入省队时,张斌又回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And once she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home again because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
一旦她加入省队,张斌又回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And before she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin returned home again because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队之前,张斌又回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin left home again because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌又离开了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
And after she came into the provincial team, Zhang Binbin went home again because she found it almost hopeless to enter the national team after a long time.
在她加入省队后,张斌又回到了家,因为她发现长时间后进入国家队几乎是没有希望的。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coaches of the Xiamen shooting archery sports center and the Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省队。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coaches of the Xiamen shooting archery sports center and the Fujian provincial team came to her home. Through their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的队长和教练,经过他们的努力,终于说服张宾斌回到了省队。
With time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coaches of the Xiamen shooting archery sports center and the Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
随着时间的流逝,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coaches of the Xiamen shooting archery sports center and the Fujian provincial team came to her home. After their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省队。
In time, not only the coach Zhang Yajie, but also the leaders and coaches of the Xiamen shooting archery sports center and the Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
不久,不仅张雅洁的教练,还有厦门射箭运动中心和福建省队的队长和教练也来到了她的家,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
This time, not only the coach Liu Yajie, but also the leaders and coaches of the Xiamen shooting archery sports center and the Fujian provincial team came to her home. With their efforts, Zhang Binbin was finally persuaded to return to the provincial team.
这一次,不仅是刘亚杰的教练,还有厦门射箭体育中心和福建省队的队长和教练,在他们的努力下,张斌终于被说服回到了省级队。
Just like yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals on her shooting way with her insistence.
和昨天的比赛一样,厦门的女孩在坚持射击的过程中也取得了好几次反转。
Much like yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals on her shooting way with her insistence.
与昨天的比赛很相似,厦门女孩在坚持射击的过程中多次反弹。
Just like yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals in her shooting way with her insistence.
和昨天的比赛一样,厦门的女孩在她的坚持下在射击方式上也取得了几分反差。
Just like yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl performed several reversals on her shooting way with her insistence.
和昨天的比赛一样,厦门姑娘坚持在射击路上做了几次倒转动作。
Just like yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals of her shooting way with her insistence.
和昨天的比赛一样,厦门姑娘坚持了几次反射。
Just like yesterday's game, the Xiamen girl achieved several reversals to her shooting way with her insistence.
和昨天的比赛一样,厦门姑娘坚持了几次反向射击。
" Each coach has his own method to choose players. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择球员的方法,我一看到她漂亮手就决定娶她。
" Every coach has his own method to choose players. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择球员的方法,我一看到她的漂亮手就决定抓住她。
" A coach has his own method to choose players. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
教练有他自己选择球员的方法,我一看到她漂亮的手就决定娶她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose players. I decided to take her after I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择球员的方法,在我看见她漂亮手后,我决定娶她。
" Each coach has his own method to choose players. I decided to take her when I saw her beautiful hands. "
每个教练都有自己选择球员的方法,当我看见她美丽的手时,我决定娶她。
" The coach has his own method to choose players. I decided to take her once I saw her beautiful hands. "
教练有他自己选择球员的方法,我一看到她漂亮手就决定娶她。
Zhang Donghong also recalled that in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, they were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,尽管她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但他们很稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Yihong also recalled that in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, they were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张怡虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,尽管她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但是成绩非常稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Junhong also recalled that in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, they were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张军宏还回忆说,在训练考试中,尽管她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但他们很稳定,这也是张宾斌吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Zhong also recalled that in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, they were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张仲也回忆说,在训练考试中,虽然她女儿的成绩并不最佳,但是成绩非常稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Donghong also recalled that during the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, they were very stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,尽管她女儿的成绩并不最佳,但是成绩非常稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
Zhang Donghong also recalled that in the training test, although the results of her daughter were not the best, they were quite stable, which is also an important reason for Zhang Binbin to attract coaches.
张东虹还回忆说,在训练考试中,尽管她女儿的成绩不是最好的,但他们相当稳定,这也是张斌宾吸引教练的重要原因。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl which impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张abin的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl who impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Wang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,最给王雅洁印象深刻的正是这位农妇的投入。
In the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Zhang Yajie most.
在张斌的训练过程中,正是这位农妇的投入给张雅洁留下了最深刻的印象。
During the training process of Zhang Binbin, it was the input of this farmer girl that impressed Li Yajie most.
在张斌宾的训练过程中,最给李亚杰印象深刻的是这位农妇的投入。
He recalled that more than a year after Zhang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team, the team carried out a long-time gun-holding training for standing shooting, requiring players to stand still for half an hour.
他回忆说,在张斌加入厦门射击队一年多后,该队就进行了长时间的持枪射击训练,要求球员静立半个小时。
He recalled that more than a year after Liu Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team, the team carried out a long-time gun-holding training for standing shooting, requiring players to stand still for half an hour.
他回忆说,刘斌在进入厦门射击队一年多后,该队进行了长时间的持枪训练,要求球员静立半个小时。
He recalled that more than a year after Wang Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team, the team carried out a long-time gun-holding training for standing shooting, requiring players to stand still for half an hour.
他回忆说,在王斌加入厦门射击队一年多后,该队就进行了长时间的持枪射击训练,要求球员静立半个小时。
He recalled that more than a year after Li Binbin came into the Xiamen shooting team, the team carried out a long-time gun-holding training for standing shooting, requiring players to stand still for half an hour.
他回忆说,在李斌加入厦门射击队一年多后,该队就进行了长时间的持枪射击训练,要求球员静立半个小时。
He recalled that more than a year after Zhang Binbin stepped into the Xiamen shooting team, the team carried out a long-time gun-holding training for standing shooting, requiring players to stand still for half an hour.
他回忆说,在张斌加入厦门射击队一年多后,该队就进行了长时间的持枪射击训练,要求球员静立半个小时。
He recalled that more than a year after Zhang Binbin moved into the Xiamen shooting team, the team carried out a long-time gun-holding training for standing shooting, requiring players to stand still for half an hour.
他回忆说,在张斌加入厦门射击队一年多后,该队就进行了长时间的持枪射击训练,要求球员静立半个小时。
Zhang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobbies of painting and making toys.
张小龙告诉记者,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,喜欢绘画和制作玩具。
Zhang Wenlong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobbies of painting and making toys.
张文龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,品行端正,喜欢绘画和制作玩具。
Zhang Yilong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobbies of painting and making toys.
张毅龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,品行端正,喜欢绘画和制作玩具。
Li Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobbies of painting and making toys.
李小龙对记者说,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,喜欢绘画和制作玩具。
Liu Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobbies of painting and making toys.
刘晓龙告诉记者,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,喜欢绘画和制作玩具。
Wang Xiaolong told reporters that her daughter has always been a quiet and well-behaved child, with the hobbies of painting and making toys.
王晓龙告诉记者,她的女儿一直很安静,很守规矩,喜欢绘画和制作玩具。
" I used to make clothes and do some needlework while Binbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和针线活,而宾宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" She used to make clothes and do some needlework while Binbin picked up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
她过去常做衣服和针线活,而宾宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some needlework while Binbin picked up some scraps to make my own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和针线活,而宾宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some needlework while Binbin gathered up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
“我过去常做衣服和针线活,而宾宾收集了一些碎片来制作自己的娃娃。”
" I used to make clothes and do some needlework while Binbin picked up some scraps to make his own dolls. "
我过去常做衣服和针线活,而宾宾捡起一些碎片来做自己的洋娃娃。
" I used to make clothes and do some needlework while Binbin scraped up some scraps to make her own dolls. "
“我以前常做衣服和针线活,而宾宾则把残渣刮了几块来做自己的娃娃。”
My daughter often made toys by sewing, said her mother. Plus, she is good at painting and could make everything animated, from the doll's facial features to clothing.
“我女儿经常用缝纫来制作玩具,”她母亲说,“此外,她善于绘画,能把从娃娃的脸部特征到衣物等所有东西都动画。
My daughter always made toys by sewing, said her mother. Plus, she is good at painting and could make everything animated, from the doll's facial features to clothing.
“我女儿总是通过缝纫来制作玩具,”她母亲说,“此外,她善于绘画,能把从娃娃的脸部特征到衣物等所有东西都动画。
My daughter often made toys by sewing, said her mother. Besides, she is good at painting and could make everything animated, from the doll's facial features to clothing.
“我女儿经常用缝纫来制作玩具,”她母亲说,“此外,她善于绘画,能把从娃娃的脸部特征到衣物等所有东西都动画。
My daughter often made toys by sewing, said her mother. Also, she is good at painting and could make everything animated, from the doll's facial features to clothing.
“我女儿经常用缝纫来制作玩具,”她母亲说,“此外,她善于绘画,能把从娃娃的脸部特征到衣物等所有东西都动画。
My sister often made toys by sewing, said her mother. Plus, she is good at painting and could make everything animated, from the doll's facial features to clothing.
“我妹妹经常缝纫玩具,”她母亲说,“此外,她善于绘画,能把从娃娃的脸部特征到衣物等所有东西都动画。
My daughter often made toys by sewing, said her mother. Plus, she is skilled at painting and could make everything animated, from the doll's facial features to clothing.
“我女儿经常用缝纫来制作玩具,”她母亲说,“此外,她还擅长绘画,能把从娃娃的脸部特征到衣着等所有东西都动画。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are more often separated than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts her family by phone at ordinary times.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人经常分离,而不是在一起,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在平时打电话与家人联系。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are more often separated than being together. Since she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts her family by phone at ordinary times.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人经常分离,而不是在一起,因为她只能在庆祝活动期间回家,所以她通常在平时打电话与家人联系。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are more often separated than being together. Because she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts her family by phone at ordinary times.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人经常分离,而不是在一起,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她通常在平时打电话与家人联系。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are more often separated than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts her family via phone at ordinary times.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人经常分离,而不是在一起,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在平时通过电话与家人联系。
Being an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are more often separated than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts her family by phone at ordinary times.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人经常分离,而不是在一起,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以她主要在平时打电话与家人联系。
As an athlete, Zhang Binbin and her family are more often separated than being together. As she can only return home during festivities, she mainly contacts her family by phone in ordinary times.
作为一名运动员,张斌和她的家人经常分离,而不是在一起,因为她只能在庆典期间回家,所以在平时她主要是通过电话与家人联系。
Zhang Binbin seldom complained of her hard work but talked more with her parents about some good things, according to her parents.
据她的父母说,张斌很少抱怨自己的辛勤工作,但她多与父母谈论一些好的事情。
Zhang Shubin seldom complained of her hard work but talked more with her parents about some good things, according to her parents.
张淑斌的父母说,她很少抱怨自己的辛勤工作,而是多与父母谈论一些好的事情。
Zhang Hongbin seldom complained of her hard work but talked more with her parents about some good things, according to her parents.
张宏斌的父母说,她很少抱怨自己的辛勤工作,而是多与父母谈论一些好的事情。
Zhang Binbin never complained of her hard work but talked more with her parents about some good things, according to her parents.
据她的父母说,张斌从不抱怨自己的辛勤工作,而是更多地与父母谈论一些好的事情。
Zhang Xiaobin seldom complained of her hard work but talked more with her parents about some good things, according to her parents.
张晓斌的父母说,她很少抱怨自己的辛勤工作,而是多与父母谈论一些好的事情。
Zhang Binbin seldom complained of her hard work and talked more with her parents about some good things, according to her parents.
据她的父母说,张斌很少抱怨自己的辛勤工作,很少多和父母谈论一些好的事情。
Since they cannot often see their daughter, they carefully keep her paintings finished in her childhood and honors received in the past.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们小心翼翼地保存着她童年时的作品和过去得到的荣誉。
Because they cannot often see their daughter, they carefully keep her paintings finished in her childhood and honors received in the past.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们小心翼翼地保存着她童年时的作品和过去得到的荣誉。
As they cannot often see their daughter, they carefully keep her paintings finished in her childhood and honors received in the past.
由于她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,她们小心翼翼地保存着她童年时的作品和过去得到的荣誉。
While they cannot often see their daughter, they carefully keep her paintings finished in her childhood and honors received in the past.
虽然她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,但他们小心翼翼地保存着她童年时的作品和过去得到的荣誉。
Although they cannot often see their daughter, they carefully keep her paintings finished in her childhood and honors received in the past.
虽然她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,但他们小心翼翼地保存着她童年时的作品和过去得到的荣誉。
Though they cannot often see their daughter, they carefully keep her paintings finished in her childhood and honors received in the past.
虽然她们不能经常见到自己的女儿,但他们小心翼翼地保存着她童年时的作品和过去得到的荣誉。
Zhang Xiaolong showed her daughter's cartoon drawings to the journalist, " Had she not become a shooter, she should keep drawing. "
张小龙向记者展示了她女儿的漫画,“如果她不是个射手,她应该继续画。”
Zhang Yilong showed her daughter's cartoon drawings to the journalist, " Had she not become a shooter, she should keep drawing. "
张毅龙向记者展示了她女儿的漫画,“如果她不是个射手,她应该继续画。”
Zhang Wenlong showed her daughter's cartoon drawings to the journalist, " Had she not become a shooter, she should keep drawing. "
张文龙向记者展示了她女儿的漫画,“如果她不是个射手,她应该继续画。”
Liu Xiaolong showed her daughter's cartoon drawings to the journalist, " Had she not become a shooter, she should keep drawing. "
刘晓龙把她女儿的漫画画给记者看了,“如果她不是枪手,她应该继续画。”
Li Xiaolong showed her daughter's cartoon drawings to the journalist, " Had she not become a shooter, she should keep drawing. "
李小龙把她女儿的漫画画给记者看了,“如果她不是枪手,她应该继续画。”
Wang Xiaolong showed her daughter's cartoon drawings to the journalist, " Had she not become a shooter, she should keep drawing. "
王晓龙把她女儿的漫画画给记者看了,“如果她不是枪手,她应该继续画。”
In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin's house, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾家二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on the third floor of Zhang Binbin's house, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾家三楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on the first floor of Zhang Binbin's house, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宾宾家一楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Hongbin's house, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张宏斌家二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin's home, there was a cupboard filled with medals and certificates.
在张斌家二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和证书的橱柜。
In the living room on the second floor of Zhang Binbin's house, there was a cupboard filled with medals and decorations.
在张宾宾家二楼的起居室里,有一个装满奖章和装饰的橱柜。
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " These are honors obtained by Binbin after over ten years'efforts. We cherished them. "
张东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存,这是宾宾在十多年的努力之后获得的荣誉,我们非常珍惜这些荣誉。
Zhang Zhong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " These are honors obtained by Binbin after over ten years'efforts. We cherished them. "
张忠把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存,“这些都是宾宾经过十多年的努力获得的荣誉,我们珍惜它们。”
Zhao Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " These are honors obtained by Binbin after over ten years'efforts. We cherished them. "
赵东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存,“这些都是宾宾经过十多年的努力获得的荣誉,我们非常珍惜。”
Liu Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " These are honors obtained by Binbin after over ten years'efforts. We cherished them. "
刘东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这些都是宾宾经过十多年的努力而获得的荣誉,我们非常珍惜。”
Zhang Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates in files for storage. " These are honors obtained by Binbin after over ten years'efforts. We cherished them. "
张东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存,“这些都是宾宾经过十多年的努力获得的荣誉,我们非常珍惜。”
Li Donghong put away the medals neatly and placed all certificates into files for storage. " These are honors obtained by Binbin after over ten years'efforts. We cherished them. "
李东宏把奖章整理好,把所有的证书存档备存。“这些都是宾宾经过十多年的努力而获得的荣誉,我们非常珍惜。”
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund offered a 16, 000-yuan relief to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Villages of Jingxing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向6个失去亲人的家庭提供了16 000元的救济,这些家庭分别位于荆兴县小祖、太头和贵泉村。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund offered a 16, 000-yuan relief to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Cuiquan Villages of Jingxing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向在荆兴县小祖、太头和崔泉村失去亲人的6个家庭提供了16 000元的救济。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund offered a 16, 000-yuan relief to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Ruiquan Villages of Jingxing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向在荆兴县小祖、太头和瑞泉村失去亲人的6个家庭提供了16 000元的救济。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund offered a 10, 000-yuan relief to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Villages of Jingxing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向在荆兴县小祖、太头和贵泉村失去亲人的6个家庭提供了10 000元的救济。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund offered a 16, 000-yuan relief to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Villages of Dongxing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向在东兴县小祖、太头和贵泉等地失去亲人的6个家庭提供了16 000元的救济。
Recently, Hebei Cixiao Fund offered a 16, 000-yuan relief to six families who lost their relatives in Xiaozuo, Taitou and Guiquan Villages of Daxing County.
近日,河北慈秀基金向大兴县小祖、太头和贵泉等地失去亲人的6个家庭提供了16 000元的救济。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association released the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men caused by the flood disaster in July 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁,寻求“2016年7月19日洪水灾难导致的失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”的又一次慰问和关怀活动。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association released the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men caused by the flood disaster in October 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁,寻求“2016年10月19日洪水灾难导致的失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”的又一次慰问和关怀活动。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association released the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men caused by the flood disaster in August 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁寻找“2016年8月19日洪水灾难导致的失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”的又一次慰问和关怀活动。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association released the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men caused by the flood disaster in September 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁寻找“2016年9月19日洪水灾难导致的失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”的又一次慰问和关怀活动。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association released the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men caused by the flood disaster in April 19, 2016 ".
这是在基金协会发布呼吁寻找“2016年4月19日洪水灾难导致的失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”的又一次慰问和关怀活动。
This is another condolence and care activity after the fund association released the call for finding " bereaved children and lonely old men caused by the flood disaster in June 19, 2016 ".
这是基金协会发布呼吁寻找“2016年6月19日洪水灾难导致的失去亲人的孩子和孤独的老人”的又一次慰问和关怀活动。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in the province. During the period, some people died or were missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致该省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡或失踪。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in the province. In the period, some people died or were missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致该省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡或失踪。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in a flood disaster of some regions in the province. During the period, some people died or were missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致该省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡或失踪。
The 719 heavy rainfall brought heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in the province. During the period, some people died or were missing.
719年的强降雨量给河北省许多城市带来了重大灾害,并导致该省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡或失踪。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to several cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in the province. During the period, some people died or were missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省几个城市造成了重大灾害,并导致该省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡或失踪。
The 719 heavy rainfall caused heavy disaster to many cities of Hebei Province and resulted in the flood disaster of some regions in the province. Throughout the period, some people died or were missing.
719年的强降雨量对河北省许多城市造成了重大灾害,并导致该省部分地区发生洪水灾害,在此期间,一些人死亡或失踪。
The good man Lao Tie sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and his pregnant wife. The moving story of the good man Lao Tie affected the entire provincial capital.
老铁的好男人牺牲了生命,帮助社区排水,留下一个两岁的孩子和他怀孕的妻子,老铁的好男人的动人故事影响了整个省会。
The good man Lao Tie risked his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and his pregnant wife. The moving story of the good man Lao Tie affected the entire provincial capital.
老铁的好男人冒着生命危险帮助社区排水,留下一个两岁的孩子和他怀孕的妻子,老铁的好男人的动人故事影响了整个省会。
The good man Lao Tie gave his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a 2-year-old kid and his pregnant wife. The moving story of the good man Lao Tie affected the entire provincial capital.
老铁的好男人在帮助社区排水时献出了自己的生命,留下一个两岁的孩子和他怀孕的妻子,老铁的好男人的动人故事影响了整个省会。
The good man Lao Tie sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a two-year-old kid and his pregnant wife. The moving story of the good man Lao Tie affected the entire provincial capital.
老铁的好男人牺牲了生命,帮助社区排水,留下一个两岁的孩子和他怀孕的妻子,老铁的好男人的动人故事影响了整个省会。
The good man Lao Tie sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a four-year-old kid and his pregnant wife. The moving story of the good man Lao Tie affected the entire provincial capital.
老铁的好男人牺牲了生命,帮助社区排水,留下一个四岁的孩子和他怀孕的妻子,老铁的好男人的动人故事影响了整个省会。
The good man Lao Tie sacrificed his life when he helped the community on drainage, leaving a three-year-old kid and his pregnant wife. The moving story of the good man Lao Tie affected the entire provincial capital.
老铁的好男人牺牲了生命,帮助社区排水,留下一个三岁的孩子和他怀孕的妻子,老铁的好男人的动人故事影响了整个省会。
On August 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
八月四日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到自己的家,为自己的亲人赠送了三千二百元的爱。
On June 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
6月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到自己的家,为自己的亲人赠送了3200元的爱。
On July 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
七月四日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到自己的家,为自己的亲人赠送了三千二百元的爱。
On September 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
9月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到自己的家,为自己的亲人赠送了3200元的爱。
On May 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
5月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到他家,为他的亲戚赠送了3200元的爱。
On April 4, the working personnel of Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund and volunteers of Hebei Brand Association came to his home and offered his relatives with 3, 200-yuan love donation.
4月4日,河北省慈秀基金的工作人员和河北品牌协会的志愿者来到自己的家,为自己的亲人赠送了3200元的爱。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of Lao Tie, they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help Lao Tie's family to tide over the difficulty.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认老铁的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,以帮助老铁的家族渡过难关。
When Li Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of Lao Tie, they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help Lao Tie's family to tide over the difficulty.
当河北品牌协会副会长李力承认老铁的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,以帮助老铁的家族渡过难关。
When Zhang Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of Lao Tie, they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help Lao Tie's family to tide over the difficulty.
当河北品牌协会副会长张力承认老铁的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助老铁的家族渡过难关。
After Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of Lao Tie, they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help Lao Tie's family to tide over the difficulty.
河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认了老铁的情况,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,帮助老铁的家族渡过难关。
As Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association acknowledged the situation of Lao Tie, they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help Lao Tie's family to tide over the difficulty.
河北品牌协会副会长叶莉承认了老铁的情况,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,以帮助老铁的家族渡过难关。
When Ye Li, the vice president of Hebei Brand Association noticed the situation of Lao Tie, they immediately decided to carry out " love charity " activities among enterprise members to help Lao Tie's family to tide over the difficulty.
当河北品牌协会副会长叶莉注意到老铁的情况时,他们立即决定在企业成员中开展“爱心慈善”活动,以帮助老铁的家族渡过难关。
Established in August 2015, Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, also known as the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation Cixiao Fund, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee.
河北省慈秀基金又称河北义工服务基金,于2015年8月成立,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起。
Established in July 2015, Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, also known as the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation Cixiao Fund, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee.
河北省慈xiao基金,又称河北义工服务基金会慈xiao基金,于2015年7月成立,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起。
Established in October 2015, Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, also known as the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation Cixiao Fund, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee.
河北省慈秀基金又称河北义工服务基金,于2015年10月成立,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起。
Established in April 2015, Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, also known as the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation Cixiao Fund, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee.
河北省慈秀基金又称河北义工服务基金,于2015年4月成立,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起。
Established in September 2015, Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, also known as the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation Cixiao Fund, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee.
河北省慈秀基金又称河北义工服务基金,于2015年9月成立,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起。
Established in May 2015, Hebei Provincial Cixiao Fund, also known as the Hebei Volunteer Service Foundation Cixiao Fund, was initiated by the Hebei Brand Preparatory Committee.
河北省慈秀基金又称河北义工服务基金,于2015年5月成立,由河北品牌筹备委员会发起。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in mainland China were accused of three major problems, including false diamond clarity mark aimed to raise sales price, false diamond weight and lack of aftersales warranty.
据香港东方日报8月12日报道,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三大问题,包括旨在提高销售价格的假钻石清晰标记、假钻石重量和售后保修不足。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in mainland China was accused of three major problems, including false diamond clarity mark aimed to raise sales price, false diamond weight and lack of aftersales warranty.
据香港东方日报8月12日报道,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三大问题,包括旨在提高销售价格的假钻石清晰标记、假钻石重量和售后保修不足。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in mainland China are accused of three major problems, including false diamond clarity mark aimed to raise sales price, false diamond weight and lack of aftersales warranty.
据香港东方日报8月12日报道,目前中国大陆的钻石销售被指责存在三大问题,包括旨在提高销售价格的假钻石清晰标记、假钻石重量和售后保修不足。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in mainland China were accused of three major problems, namely false diamond clarity mark aimed to raise sales price, false diamond weight and lack of aftersales warranty.
据香港东方日报8月12日报道,目前中国大陆钻石销售存在三大问题,即旨在提高销售价格的假钻石清晰标记、假钻石重量和售后保修不足。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on August 12, the current diamond sales in mainland China is accused of three major problems, including false diamond clarity mark aimed to raise sales price, false diamond weight and lack of aftersales warranty.
据香港东方日报8月12日报道,目前中国大陆钻石销售存在三大问题,包括旨在提高销售价格的假钻石清晰标记、假钻石重量和售后保修不足。
According to a Hong Kong Oriental Daily report made on July 12, the current diamond sales in mainland China were accused of three major problems, including false diamond clarity mark aimed to raise sales price, false diamond weight and lack of aftersales warranty.
根据7月12日香港东方日报的一份报告,中国大陆目前的钻石销售被指责存在三个主要问题,包括旨在提高销售价格的假钻石清晰标记、假钻石重量和售后保修不足。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's biggest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. The diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,出售的钻石经过严格的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centres. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手艺人的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trade centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds on sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石贸易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
Antwerp is one of the world's largest diamond trading centers. The diamond cutting technology of local artisans is well-known. All diamonds for sale have undergone rigorous identification, deeply welcomed by the mainland ladies.
安特卫普是世界上最大的钻石交易中心之一,当地手工工匠的钻石切割技术是众所周知的,所有出售的钻石都经过严谨的鉴定,深受大陆女性的欢迎。
" A small cloth bag with a handful of diamonds, which is very light and can be held in a hand, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位参与购买钻石的刘翔女士向内地媒体透露了去年6月在安特卫普的经历。
" The small cloth bag with a handful of diamonds, which is very light and can be held in a hand, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位参与购买钻石的姓刘的女士向内地媒体透露了去年6月在安特卫普的经历。
" This small cloth bag with a handful of diamonds, which is very light and can be held in a hand, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位参与购买钻石的姓刘的女士向内地媒体透露了去年6月在安特卫普的经历。
" A small cloth bag with a handful of diamonds, which is extremely light and can be held in a hand, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位参与购买钻石的刘翔女士向内地媒体透露了去年6月在安特卫普的经历。
" A small cloth bag with a handful of diamonds, which is very light and can be held in a hand, is worth of almost 1 million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds told her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位参与购买钻石的刘翔女士向内地媒体透露了去年6月在安特卫普的经历。
" A small cloth bag with a handful of diamonds, which is very light and can be held in a hand, is worth of almost one million yuan ", a woman surnamed Liu who participated in the purchase of diamonds described her experience in Antwerp last June to the mainland media.
一位参与购买钻石的刘翔女士向内地媒体描述了去年6月在安特卫普的经历,她说:“一个小布袋里藏着几颗钻石,很轻,可以手拿,价值近100万元。”
She hid the diamonds in her lingerie and carried them all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath. She felt quite nervous in both walking and sleeping.
她把钻石藏在内衣里,整天都拿着钻石,包括去洗手间洗澡,走路睡觉都感到很紧张。
She kept the diamonds in her lingerie and carried them all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath. She felt quite nervous in both walking and sleeping.
她把钻石放在内衣里,整天都拿着,包括上厕所洗澡时,走路和睡觉都感到相当紧张。
She wore the diamonds in her lingerie and carried them all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath. She felt quite nervous in both walking and sleeping.
她穿着内衣,整天都带着钻石,包括上厕所洗澡时,走路和睡觉都感到相当紧张。
She put the diamonds in her lingerie and carried them all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath. She felt quite nervous in both walking and sleeping.
她把钻石放在内衣里,整天都拿着钻石,包括去洗手间洗澡时,走路和睡觉都感到相当紧张。
She hid the diamonds inside her lingerie and carried them all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath. She felt quite nervous in both walking and sleeping.
她把钻石藏在内衣里,整天都拿着钻石,包括去洗手间洗澡时,走路和睡觉都感到相当紧张。
She hid the diamonds under her lingerie and carried them all day along, including when she went to toilet and took bath. She felt quite nervous in both walking and sleeping.
她把钻石藏在内衣里,整天都拿着,包括去洗手间洗澡时,走路和睡觉都感到相当紧张。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced at about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was priced by retailers at about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价约5万5千元,而零售商在厦门售价约11万1千元。
She said the diamond she purchased in Antwerp was priced at about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was priced by retailers at about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普购买的钻石每克售价约5万5千元,而零售商在厦门售价约11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced at about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality is priced by retailers at about RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价约5万5千元,而零售商在厦门售价约11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced at about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was priced by retailers at about RMB 111, 000 at Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价约5万5千元,零售商在厦门售价约11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced at about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was priced by retailers at around RMB 111, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普买的钻石每克售价约5万5千元,而零售商在厦门售价约11万1千元。
She said the diamond she bought in Antwerp was priced at about RMB 55, 000 per gram and diamond of the same quality was priced by retailers at about RMB 50, 000 in Xia'men.
她说,她在安特卫普购买的钻石每克售价约55,000元,而零售商在厦门售价约50,000元。
Recently, she sold the diamond at a 20 % price premium and earned two hundred thousand yuan at a time.
最近, 她以20%的溢价卖出了这颗钻石,一次赚了二十万元.
Recently, she sold the diamond at a 20 % price premium and earned three hundred thousand yuan at a time.
最近, 她以20%的溢价卖出了这颗钻石,一次赚了三十万元.
Recently, she sold the diamond at a 20 % price premium and earned five hundred thousand yuan at a time.
最近, 她以20%的溢价卖出了这颗钻石,一次赚了五十万元.
Recently, she sold the diamond at a 20 % price premium and earned one hundred thousand yuan at a time.
最近, 她以20%的溢价卖出了这颗钻石,一次赚了十万元.
Recently, she sold the diamond with a 20 % price premium and earned two hundred thousand yuan at a time.
最近, 她以20%的溢价卖出了这颗钻石,一次赚了二十万元.
Recently, she sold the diamond for a 20 % price premium and earned two hundred thousand yuan at a time.
最近, 她以20%的溢价卖出了这颗钻石,一次赚了二十万元.
According to the provisions of the mainland China customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamonds should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, the people who carry them shall be classified as smuggling and may be sentenced to jail.
根据中国内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货物范围,因此在进出时必须申报,否则,携带钻石者将被归为走私者,可被判处监禁。
According to the provisions of the mainland China customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamonds should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, the people who carry them shall be classified as smuggling and may be sentenced to prison.
根据中国内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货物范围,因此,在进出时必须申报,否则,携带钻石者将被归为走私者,可被判处监禁。
According to the provisions of the mainland China customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamonds should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, the people who carry them shall be classified as smuggling and may be sentenced to imprisonment.
根据中国内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货物范围,因此应在进出时申报,否则,携带钻石者应被归类为走私,并可被判处监禁。
According to the provisions of the mainland China customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamonds must be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, the people who carry them shall be classified as smuggling and may be sentenced to jail.
根据中国内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货物范围,所以在进出时必须申报,否则,携带钻石者将被归为走私者,可以被判处监禁。
According to the provisions of the mainland China customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamonds shall be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, the people who carry them shall be classified as smuggling and may be sentenced to jail.
根据中国内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货物范围,因此在进出时必须申报。
According to the provisions of the mainland China customs, diamonds are neither supplies nor necessities during the trip and thus belong to the scope of goods. So such diamonds should be declared at entry and exit. Otherwise, the people who carry them will be classified as smuggling and may be sentenced to jail.
根据中国内地海关的规定,钻石在旅途中既不是供应,也不是必需品,因此属于货物范围,因此在进出时必须申报,否则,携带钻石者将被归类为走私,并可能被判处监禁。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, Downing Street announced that United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend her summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,唐宁街当地时间月份第10天宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, Downing Street announced that United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei would go to Switzerland to spend her summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,唐宁街当地时间月份第10天宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, Downing Street announced that United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei may go to Switzerland to spend her summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,唐宁街当地时间月份第10天宣布,英国首相梅德琳可以去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign press reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, Downing Street announced that United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend her summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,唐宁街当地时间月份第10天宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the last day of the month of the local time, Downing Street announced that United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend her summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,唐宁街当地时间月份的最后一天宣布,英国首相梅德琳将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to foreign media reports, on the 10th day of the month of the local time, Downing Street confirmed that United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will go to Switzerland to spend her summer vacation, but did not disclose the specific place.
据外国媒体报道,唐宁街当地时间月份第10天证实,英国首相特蕾莎?梅(Teresa Mei)将去瑞士度暑假,但没有透露具体地点。
According to some media, after the United Kingdom referendum about exit from the European Union, the new United Kingdom Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation in the " neutral country " on the European continent, Switzerland. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体称,在联合王国就退出欧盟问题举行全民公投后,联合王国新任首相选择在欧洲大陆瑞士的"中立国"度假,这具有象征意义。
According to some media, after the United Kingdom referendum about exit from the European Union, the new United Kingdom Prime Minister chose to spend her holiday in the " neutral country " on the European continent, Switzerland. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体称,在联合王国就退出欧盟问题举行公民投票后,联合王国新任首相选择在欧洲大陆瑞士这个"中立国"度假,这具有象征意义。
According to some media, after the United Kingdom referendum about exit from the European Union, the new United Kingdom Prime Minister decided to spend her vacation in the " neutral country " on the European continent, Switzerland. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体称,在联合王国就退出欧盟问题举行全民公投后,联合王国新任首相决定在欧洲大陆瑞士的"中立国"度假,这具有象征意义。
According to some media, after the United Kingdom referendum about exit from the European Union, the new United Kingdom Prime Minister chose to spend his vacation in the " neutral country " on the European continent, Switzerland. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体称,在联合王国就退出欧盟问题举行全民公投后,联合王国新任首相选择在欧洲大陆瑞士这个“中立国”度假,这具有象征意义。
According to some media, following the United Kingdom referendum about exit from the European Union, the new United Kingdom Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation in the " neutral country " on the European continent, Switzerland. This is symbolic.
据一些媒体称,在联合王国就退出欧盟问题举行公民投票后,联合王国新任首相选择在欧洲大陆瑞士这个"中立国"度假,这具有象征意义。
According to some media, after the United Kingdom referendum about exit from the European Union, the new United Kingdom Prime Minister chose to spend her vacation in the " neutral country " on the European continent, Switzerland. It is symbolic.
据一些媒体称,在联合王国就退出欧盟问题举行全民公投后,联合王国新任首相选择在欧洲大陆瑞士这个“中立国”度假,这具有象征意义。
The symbolic neutrality nature of the Switzerland affected the choice of the United Kingdom Prime Minister's first resort, according to the United Kingdom " Guardian ".
据英国《卫报》称,瑞士的象征中立性影响了英国首相的首选。
The relative neutrality nature of the Switzerland affected the choice of the United Kingdom Prime Minister's first resort, according to the United Kingdom " Guardian ".
据英国《卫报》称,瑞士相对中立的性质影响了英国首相的首选。
The strict neutrality nature of the Switzerland affected the choice of the United Kingdom Prime Minister's first resort, according to the United Kingdom " Guardian ".
据英国《卫报》称,瑞士严格的中立性影响了英国首相的首选。
The symbolic neutrality nature of the Switzerland influenced the choice of the United Kingdom Prime Minister's first resort, according to the United Kingdom " Guardian ".
据英国《卫报》称,瑞士的象征中立性影响了英国首相的首选。
The symbolic neutrality nature of the Switzerland was the choice of the United Kingdom Prime Minister's first resort, according to the United Kingdom " Guardian ".
据英国《卫报》称,瑞士的象征中立性是英国首相的首选。
The symbolic neutrality nature of the Switzerland is the choice of the United Kingdom Prime Minister's first resort, according to the United Kingdom " Guardian ".
据英国《卫报》称,瑞士的象征中立性是英国首相的首选。
Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that a United Kingdom prime minister chose to go vacation in Switzerland after Margaret Thatcher, according to the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Telegraph.
据英国《每日电讯报》报道,特蕾莎梅选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后首次选择在瑞士度假。
Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. It is the first time that a United Kingdom prime minister chose to go vacation in Switzerland after Margaret Thatcher, according to the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Telegraph.
据英国《每日电讯报》报道,特蕾莎梅选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后首次选择在瑞士度假。
Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that a United Kingdom prime minister chose to go vacation in Switzerland since Margaret Thatcher, according to the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Telegraph.
据英国《每日电讯报》(Daily Telegraph)报道,自玛格丽特?撒切尔(Margaret Thatcher)到瑞士度假后,英国首相特蕾莎?梅(Teresa Mei)选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相第一次选择在瑞士度假。
Teresa Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that a United Kingdom prime minister decided to go vacation in Switzerland after Margaret Thatcher, according to the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Telegraph.
据英国《每日电讯报》报道,特蕾莎梅选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相玛格丽特·撒切尔之后首次决定在瑞士度假。
Teresa Mei chose to spend a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that a United Kingdom prime minister chose to go vacation in Switzerland after Margaret Thatcher, according to the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Telegraph.
据英国《每日电讯报》报道,特蕾莎梅选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后首次选择在瑞士度假。
Li Mei chose to take a vacation in Switzerland. This is the first time that a United Kingdom prime minister chose to go vacation in Switzerland after Margaret Thatcher, according to the United Kingdom newspaper Daily Telegraph.
据英国《每日电讯报》报道,李梅选择在瑞士度假,这是英国首相继玛格丽特·撒切尔之后首次选择在瑞士度假。
The choice of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the vacation selection of hotter places by Blair and Cameron
两位女首相的选择与布莱尔和卡梅伦选择更热门的地方形成鲜明对比
The selection of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the vacation selection of hotter places by Blair and Cameron
布莱尔和卡梅伦选择了两位女性首相,这与布莱尔和卡梅伦选择更热门的度假地点形成了鲜明对比
The appointment of these two female prime ministers is quite a contrast to the vacation selection of hotter places by Blair and Cameron
两位女首相的任命与布莱尔和卡梅伦选择更热门的度假地点形成了鲜明对比
The choice of these two female prime ministers was quite a contrast to the vacation selection of hotter places by Blair and Cameron
布莱尔和卡梅伦选择了两位女首相,这与布莱尔和卡梅伦选择更热门的度假地点形成了鲜明对比
The choice of these two female prime ministers is also a contrast to the vacation selection of hotter places by Blair and Cameron
布莱尔和卡梅伦选择了两位女首相,这与布莱尔和卡梅伦选择更热门的度假地点形成鲜明对比
The choice of these two female prime ministers is in a contrast to the vacation selection of hotter places by Blair and Cameron
布莱尔和卡梅伦选择了两位女首相,这与布莱尔和卡梅伦选择更热门的地方形成鲜明对比
It is reported that the new United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to Rondon on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,联合王国新任总理Teresa Mei将于8月24日返回Rondon,她将等待一系列重要的工作和活动。
It was reported that the new United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to Rondon on August 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据 报道, 联合王国 新 的 总理 特蕾莎·梅 将 于 8月 24日 回到 朗东, 一系列 重要 的 工作 和 活动 将 等待 她 的 到来 。
It is reported that the new United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to Rondon on October 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,联合王国新任总理Teresa Mei将于10月24日回到Rondon,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is reported that the new United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to Rondon on July 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德丽萨将于7月24日回到朗登,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is reported that the new United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to Rondon on September 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德丽萨将于9月24日回到朗登,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
It is reported that the new United Kingdom Prime Minister Teresa Mei will return to Rondon on March 24. A series of important work and activities will be waiting for her.
据报道,英国新任首相梅德丽萨将于3月24日回到朗登,一系列重要的工作和活动将等待她。
The United Kingdom parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required on the internet.
联合王国议会将于9月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
The United Kingdom parliament will resume on October 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required on the internet.
10月5日,联合王国议会复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
the United Kingdom parliament will resume on September 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required on the internet.
9月5日,联合王国议会复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
The United Kingdom parliament will resume on June 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required on the internet.
联合王国议会将于6月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
The United Kingdom parliament will resume on December 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required on the internet.
联合王国议会将于12月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
The United Kingdom parliament will resume on July 5. The subject matter covers the second Brexit referendum required on the internet.
联合王国议会将于7月5日复会,议题涵盖互联网要求的英国第二次退欧公投。
On June 23, the United Kingdom held a referendum for Brexit, but the new prime minister did not want to start the content of article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which is related to the exit of member countries from the EU, before the end of the year.
6月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但新任首相并不想在今年年底前开始《里斯本条约》第50条的内容,该条涉及成员国退出欧盟的问题。
On May 23, the United Kingdom held a referendum for Brexit, but the new prime minister did not want to start the content of article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which is related to the exit of member countries from the EU, before the end of the year.
5月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但新任首相并不想在今年年底前开始《里斯本条约》第50条的内容,该条涉及成员国退出欧盟的问题。
On March 23, the United Kingdom held a referendum for Brexit, but the new prime minister did not want to start the content of article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which is related to the exit of member countries from the EU, before the end of the year.
3月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但新任首相并不想在今年年底前开始《里斯本条约》第50条的内容,该条涉及成员国退出欧盟的问题。
On November 23, the United Kingdom held a referendum for Brexit, but the new prime minister did not want to start the content of article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which is related to the exit of member countries from the EU, before the end of the year.
11月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但新任首相并不想在今年年底前开始《里斯本条约》第50条的内容,该条涉及成员国退出欧盟的问题。
On September 23, the United Kingdom held a referendum for Brexit, but the new prime minister did not want to start the content of article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which is related to the exit of member countries from the EU, before the end of the year.
9月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但新任首相并不想在今年年底前开始《里斯本条约》第50条的内容,该条涉及成员国退出欧盟的问题。
On October 23, the United Kingdom held a referendum for Brexit, but the new prime minister did not want to start the content of article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which is related to the exit of member countries from the EU, before the end of the year.
10月23日,英国举行了英国退欧全民公投,但新任首相并不想在今年年底前开始《里斯本条约》第50条的内容,该条涉及成员国退出欧盟的问题。
There are 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its category number and quantity rank first in Anhui Province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,其种类和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 2, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its category number and quantity rank first in Anhui Province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目2 325个,其种类和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 3, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its category number and quantity rank first in Anhui Province.
黄山现有3 325个非物质文化遗产项目,其种类和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 4, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. Its category number and quantity rank first in Anhui Province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目4 325个,其种类和数量在安徽省居首位。
There are 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Huangshan. The category number and quantity rank first in Anhui Province.
黄山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,安徽省一级一级。
There are 1, 325 existing intangible cultural heritage projects in Wenshan. Its category number and quantity rank first in Anhui Province.
温山现有非物质文化遗产项目1 325个,其种类和数量在安徽省居首位。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui Province mainly relies on face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠面对面的通道,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目正处在前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
Since the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui Province mainly relies on face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠面对面的通道,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目几乎都是祖祖辈辈传下来的,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
Because the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui Province mainly relies on face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠面对面的通道,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目正处在前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui Province mainly relies on face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. Therefore the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠面对面的通道,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目几乎是祖祖辈辈传下来的,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
As the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui Province primarily relies on face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
由于安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠面对面的通道,许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目正处在前世遗留下来的边缘,因此应用数字技术进行保护势在必行。
While the inheritance of intangible cultural heritage projects of Anhui Province mainly relies on face-to-face passage, many intangible cultural heritage projects are on the verge of failing to be handed down from past generations. So the application of digital technology for conservation is imperative.
虽然安徽省非物质文化遗产的继承主要依靠面对面的通道,但许多非物质文化遗产的继承项目几乎是前世遗留下来的,因此,应用数字技术进行保护是当务之急。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work reports, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry about serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the working plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work reports, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry about serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress last year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work reports, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry about serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会去年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress each year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work reports, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry about serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会每年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the work plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress every year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work reports, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry about serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会每年的工作计划,常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告的审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,对地方经济发展情况进行专门调查。
According to the action plan of the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress this year, the Standing Committee plans to listen to the deliberation of special work reports, and carry out the implementation of banking supervision and management law and special inquiry about serving local economic development.
根据省人民代表大会常务委员会今年行动计划,全国人民代表大会常务委员会计划听取专门工作报告审议情况,实施银行业监督管理法,开展地方经济发展专项调查。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
8月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
From mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
从八月中开始,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市进行研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
By mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
到8月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
In mid-July, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
七月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市进行研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
In mid-September, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to conduct research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
9月中,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组在一些城市开展研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
In mid-August, the Standing Committee will organize two research groups to perform research in some cities to prepare for the special inquiry.
八月中旬,常务委员会将组织两个研究小组,在一些城市进行研究,为这次特别调查作准备。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Jia Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
贾建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Xia Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
夏建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的积极探索。
Huo Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
霍建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out special inquiries. This is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,开展专项调查,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
Hua Jianhui pointed out that this was the first time that the Standing Committee of the Provincial People's Congress listened to and deliberated on the special work report of vertical administration department and carry out its inquiries. It is the active exploration for enhancing and exploring the supervision work of the Provincial People's Congress.
华建汇指出,这是省人民代表大会常务委员会第一次听取和审议垂直行政主管部门的专项工作报告,并进行查询,是加强和探索省人民代表大会监督工作的热点。
In the exercise directing department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor assembly and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什演习指挥部门,根据指挥员的命令,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,执行机动组装,前往战斗演习区。
At the exercise directing department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor assembly and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什演习指挥部门,根据指挥员的命令,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,执行机动组装,前往战斗演习区。
In the exercise directing department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Taman and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor assembly and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什演习指挥部门,根据指挥员的命令,卡什、塔曼和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,执行机动组装,前往战斗演习区。
In the exercise directing department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the permission of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor assembly and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什的演习指挥部门,在指挥官的许可下,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,执行机动组装,前往战斗演习区。
In the exercise directing department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the approval of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, followed the order quickly, implemented motor assembly and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什的演习指挥部门,经过指挥人员的批准,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速执行命令,执行机动组装,前往战斗演习区。
In the exercise directing department of Kashi, Xinjiang, with the order of the director, the armed police in three regions, namely Kashi, Hotan and Aksu, obeyed the order quickly, implemented motor assembly and left for the exercise combat zone.
在新疆喀什运动指挥部门,根据指挥员的命令,卡什、热丹和阿克苏三个地区的武装警察迅速服从命令,执行机动组装,前往战斗演习区。
China's Mars program kicks off
中国的火星计划启动
China's Mars program kicked off
中国的火星计划开始了
China's Mars program took off
中国的火星计划起飞了
NASA's Mars program kicks off
NASA的火星计划启动
China's Mars program takes off
中国的火星计划起飞了
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never done by other countries.
中国的火星探测任务旨在同时实现周边环境、登陆和巡逻,而其他国家从未这样做过。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling in one time, which has never done by other countries.
中国的火星探测任务旨在一次实现周边环境、登陆和巡逻,而其他国家从未这样做过。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never done by other nations.
中国的火星探测任务旨在同时实现周边环境、登陆和巡逻,而其他国家从未这样做过。
China's Mars exploration project aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never done by other countries.
中国的火星探测项目旨在同时实现周边环境、着陆和巡逻,而其他国家从未这样做过。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, something has never done by other countries.
中国的火星探测任务旨在实现环绕、登陆和巡逻的目标,而其他国家从未做过这样的事。
China's Mars exploration mission hopes to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling at one time, which has never done by other countries.
中国的火星探测任务希望同时实现周边环境、登陆和巡逻,而其他国家从未这样做过。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such a task is quite arduous.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这是一项相当艰巨的任务。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such a task is very arduous.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这是一项非常艰巨的任务。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such a task is extremely arduous.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这是一项非常艰巨的任务。
Russia's Mars exploration launch target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such a task is quite arduous.
俄罗斯的火星探测发射目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这是一项相当艰巨的任务。
China's Mars exploration mission target is to step around, land and patrol at one time. Such a task is quite arduous.
中国的火星探测任务的目标是一次绕行、降落和巡逻,这是一项相当艰巨的任务。
China's Mars exploration launch target is to turn around, land and patrol at one time. Such a task is quite arduous.
中国的火星探测发射目标是一次转弯,降落和巡逻,这样的任务相当艰巨。
Because there is only one time window for the Mars probe in every 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于每隔26个月火星探测器就只有一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
Since there is only one time window for the Mars probe in every 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于每隔26个月火星探测器就只有一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
As there is only one time window for the Mars probe in every 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于每隔26个月火星探测器就只有一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
Because there is only one time window for the Mars probe in every 18 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于每隔18个月火星探测器就只有一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
Although there is only one time window for the Mars probe in every 26 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
尽管每隔26个月火星探测器只有一个时间窗口,但专家正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
Because there is only one time window for the Mars probe in every 12 months, experts are closely working on the project plan and try to launch the first Mars probe in 2020.
由于每隔12个月火星探测器只有一个时间窗口,专家们正紧密合作项目计划,并试图在2020年推出第一个火星探测器。
Although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration, which marks that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense, according to Xu Dazhe.
尽管中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,据许大和说,这标志着中国已经真正进入了探索太空的时代。
Though China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration, which marks that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense, according to Xu Dazhe.
尽管中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,根据徐大和的说法,这标志着中国已经真正进入了探索太空的时代。
While China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration, which marks that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense, according to Xu Dazhe.
徐大和说,中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,这标志着中国已经真正进入了探索太空的时代。
Although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration, which marks that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense, according to Liu Dazhe.
刘大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,这标志着中国已经真正进入了探索太空的时代。
Although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration, which marks that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense, according to Zhang Dazhe.
张大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,这标志着中国已经真正进入了探索太空的时代。
Although China's aircraft has entered a deep space, it is still essential to finish the task of Mars exploration, which marks that China has stepped into the deep space exploration era in a true sense, according to Li Dazhe.
李大和说,虽然中国的飞机已经进入了一个很深的太空,但是完成火星探测任务仍然至关重要,这标志着中国已经真正进入了探索太空的时代。
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球距离最近,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" In two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
在两三年内,火星就有可能与地球最接近了,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" After two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
在两三年之后,火星有可能与地球最接近,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" Within two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. And at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
在两三年内,火星就有可能与地球最接近了,而此时,运载火箭的发射最为节能。
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. But at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,但是此时,发射火箭是最为节能的。”
" Every two or three years, there is a chance that Mars is closest to Earth. So at this point, it is most energy efficient to launch the vehicle. "
每隔两三年,火星就有可能与地球最接近,所以此时,发射火箭是最为节能的。”
" Considering the mass of Mars detectors, it is the mission for China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征五号运载火箭的任务是完成发射任务。
" Given the mass of Mars detectors, it is the mission for China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
鉴于火星探测器的庞大,中国长征五号运载火箭的任务是完成发射任务。
" With the mass of Mars detectors, it is the mission for China's Long March 5 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
随着火星探测器的增多,中国长征五号运载火箭的任务是完成发射任务。
" Considering the mass of Mars detectors, it is the mission for China's Long March 3 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征三号运载火箭的任务是完成发射任务。
" Considering the mass of Mars detectors, it is the mission for China's Long March 2 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征2号运载火箭的任务是完成发射任务。
" Considering the mass of Mars detectors, it is the mission for China's Long March 1 carrier rocket to complete the launch mission. "
考虑到火星探测器的质量,中国长征1号运载火箭的任务是完成发射任务。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling in one mission, which has never occurred in other countries. They once achieved surrounding and landing before in other countries, but failed at landing.
中国的火星探测任务旨在完成环绕、着陆和巡逻任务,而这一任务从未在其他国家出现过,它们曾经在其他国家实现环绕和着陆,但未能在其他国家着陆。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling in one mission, which has never occurred in other countries. It once achieved surrounding and landing before in other countries, but failed at landing.
中国的火星探测任务旨在完成环绕、着陆和巡逻任务,而这一任务从未在其他国家出现过,它曾经在其他国家实现过环绕和着陆,但落地失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling in one mission, which has never occurred in other countries. They once achieved surrounding and landing before in other countries, and failed at landing.
中国的火星探测任务旨在完成环绕、着陆和巡逻任务,而这一任务从未在其他国家出现过,它们曾经在其他国家实现过环绕和着陆,并且未能着陆。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling in one mission, which has never occurred in other countries. China once achieved surrounding and landing before in other countries, but failed at landing.
中国的火星探测任务旨在完成环绕、着陆和巡逻任务,而这一任务从未在其他国家出现过,中国曾实现环绕和降落,但未能在其他国家实现登陆。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to accomplish surrounding, landing and patrolling in one mission, which has never occurred in other countries. They once achieved surrounding and landing before in other countries, but failed at landing.
中国的火星探测任务旨在完成环绕、着陆和巡逻任务,而这一任务从未在其他国家出现过,它们曾经在其他国家实现过环绕和着陆,但落地失败了。
China's Mars exploration mission aims to achieve surrounding, landing and patrolling with one mission, which has never occurred in other countries. They once achieved surrounding and landing before in other countries, but failed at landing.
中国的火星探测任务旨在完成环绕、着陆和巡逻任务,而这一任务从未在其他国家出现过,它们曾经在其他国家实现过环绕和着陆,但落地失败了。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars Exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测器涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a unique feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有独特的特性。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared to the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In fact, although the rover is a space detector, it has a distinctive feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,事实上,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器相比具有显著的特征。
Mars exploration involves a lot of technical areas. In particular, although the rover is a space detector, it has a different feature compared with the general space detector.
火星探测涉及许多技术领域,特别是,虽然探测器是一种空间探测器,但它与一般的空间探测器有不同的特点。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the capability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应当能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe must be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器必须能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe will be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器将能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, the Mars probe would be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器将能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
In other words, a Mars probe should be capable of determining the driving route and equipped with the ability to find obstacles.
换句话说,火星探测器应该能够确定行驶路线,并具备发现障碍的能力。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is that Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至对人类的未来都具有重要意义。
According to Geng Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is that Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员成志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至关系到人类的未来。
According to Ding Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is that Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究人员丁志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科学技术意义,甚至对人类的未来都具有重要意义。
According to Meng Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is that Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员孟志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科技意义,甚至关系到人类的未来。
According to Pang Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is that Mars detection has significant scientific and social meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究员彭志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科学意义和社会意义,甚至关系到人类的未来。
According to Deng Zhihao, a researcher of the fifth institute of China's Aerospace Science and Technology Group, the reason for human being to favor Mars exploration is that Mars detection has significant scientific and technical meanings and it even matters to the future of human beings.
中国航空航天科技集团第五研究所的研究人员邓志浩认为,人类之所以偏爱火星探测,是因为火星探测具有重要的科学技术意义,甚至对人类的未来都具有重要意义。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
目前,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Today, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
今天,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Consequently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
因此,火星已成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用空间探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Therefore, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
因此,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Thus, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use space detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
因此,火星已成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用太空探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Currently, the Mars has become the planet with the highest degree of human research. The history of human beings to use particle detectors for Mars exploration almost goes across the entire history of human space exploration.
目前,火星已经成为人类研究程度最高的行星,人类利用粒子探测器探测火星的历史几乎贯穿人类太空探索的整个历史。
Therefore, the human beings hope to establish a base of residence on the Mars one day, and immigrate to Mars, thereby turning it into a second home for mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,并移民到火星,从而把它变成人类的第二个家园。
Therefore, the human beings hope to establish a base of residence on the Mars one day, and immigrate to Mars, thus turning it into a second home for mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,并移民到火星,从而把它变成人类的第二个家园。
Therefore, the human beings hope to establish a base of residence on the Mars one day, and immigrate to Mars, thereby transforming it into a second home for mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立居住基地,并移民到火星,从而将火星转变为人类的第二个家园。
Therefore, the human beings hope to establish a base of residence on the Mars one day, and transmigrate to Mars, thereby turning it into a second home for mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,然后迁移到火星上,从而把它变成人类的第二个家园。
Therefore, the human beings hope to establish a base of residence in the Mars one day, and immigrate to Mars, thereby turning it into a second home for mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,并移民到火星,从而把它变成人类的第二个家园。
Thus, the human beings hope to establish a base of residence on the Mars one day, and immigrate to Mars, thereby turning it into a second home for mankind.
因此,人类希望有一天在火星上建立一个居住基地,并移民到火星,从而把它变成人类的第二个家园。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth in the past. It took billions of years of evolution to change into the current state of thin atmosphere, low temperature and water depletion, etc.
大量迹象还表明,火星过去很可能与现在的地球相同,经过数十亿年的演化之后,火星才转变成薄薄的大气层、低温和水分枯竭等现状。
A great number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth in the past. It took billions of years of evolution to change into the current state of thin atmosphere, low temperature and water depletion, etc.
许多迹象还表明,火星过去很可能与现在的地球相同,经过数十亿年的演化之后,火星才转变成薄薄的大气层、低温和水的枯竭等现状。
A small number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth in the past. It took billions of years of evolution to change into the current state of thin atmosphere, low temperature and water depletion, etc.
少数迹象还表明,火星过去很可能与现在的地球相同,经过数十亿年的演化之后,火星才转变成薄薄的大气层、低温和水分枯竭等现状。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars was likely to be the same as the current Earth in the past. It took billions of years of evolution to change into the current state of thin atmosphere, low temperature and water depletion, etc.
大量迹象还表明,火星过去很可能与现在的地球相同,经过数十亿年的演化之后,火星才转变成薄薄的大气层、低温和水分枯竭等现状。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth in the past. It took billions of years of evolution to change into the current state of thick atmosphere, low temperature and water depletion, etc.
大量迹象还表明,火星过去很可能与现在的地球相同,经过数十亿年的演化之后,才转变成目前厚气、低温和水枯竭等状态。
A large number of signs also show that the Mars is likely to be the same as the current Earth in the past. Mars took billions of years of evolution to change into the current state of thin atmosphere, low temperature and water depletion, etc.
大量迹象还表明,火星可能与过去的地球相同,火星经过数十亿年的演化才转变成薄薄的大气层、低温和水分枯竭等现状。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning of preventing Earth from becoming the second Mars.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可有助于提出预先安排的计划,防止地球成为第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research may help propose a pre-arranged planning of preventing Earth from becoming the second Mars.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可能有助于提出预先安排的计划,以防止地球成为第二颗火星。
Thus, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning of preventing Earth from becoming the second Mars.
因此,用于研究的火星探测或载人着陆可有助于提出预先安排的计划,防止地球成为第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-planned planning of preventing Earth from becoming the second Mars.
因此,用于研究的火星探测或载人着陆可以帮助提出一个预先计划的防止地球成为第二颗火星的计划。
Furthermore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research can help propose a pre-arranged planning of preventing Earth from becoming the second Mars.
此外,用于研究的火星探测或载人着陆可有助于提出预先安排的计划,防止地球成为第二颗火星。
Therefore, the detection or manned landing on the Mars for research could help propose a pre-arranged planning of preventing Earth from becoming the second Mars.
因此,为研究目的在火星上探测或载人着陆可有助于提出预先安排的计划,防止地球成为第二颗火星。
As of June 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年6月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
As of July 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年7月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
As of April 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年4月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
As of May 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年5月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
As of February 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年2月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
As of November 2016, the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations, including 43 Mars detection missions.
截至2016年11月,全世界共进行了114次月球探测,包括43次火星探测任务。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out while only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,而只进行了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1970s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1970年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only four lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了4次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 lunar explorations have been carried out and only 14 lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次月球探测,只进行了14次月球探测。
However, ever since the 1990s, a total of 18 human explorations have been carried out and only three lunar detections have been conducted.
然而,自1990年代以来,共进行了18次人类探测,只进行了3次月球探测。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently four Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有4个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander is at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently three Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有3个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and three Mars rovers at work, but only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和3个火星探测器在工作,但只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
There are currently five Mars orbiters and two Mars rovers at work, while only one lunar orbiter and one lunar lander are at work.
目前有5个火星轨道飞行器和2个火星探测器在工作,而只有1个月球轨道飞行器和1个月球登陆器在工作。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World military powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界军事强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World power powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World nuclear powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界核大国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
World space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. Thus we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
世界空间强国已经制定了一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
The space powers have developed a detection plan with the Mars system as target. So we can see the current Mars detection is hotter than that of moon detection.
太空力量已经开发出一个以火星系统作为目标的探测计划,因此我们可以看到当前的火星探测比月球探测更热。
On Nov. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ". Then it became Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年11月5日,印度发射了第一艘火星探测器“曼加里安号”,随后成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
On Sept. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ". Then it became Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年9月5日,印度发射了第一颗火星探测器“曼加里安号”,随后成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
On Oct. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ". Then it became Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年10月5日,印度发射了第一颗火星探测器“曼加里安号”,随后成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
On Dec. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ". Then it became Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年12月5日,印度发射了第一颗火星探测器“曼加里安号”,随后成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
On Aug. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ". Then it became Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年8月5日,印度发射了第一颗火星探测器“曼加里安号”,随后成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
On Feb. 5, 2013, India launched the first Mars probe " Mangalian ". Then it became Asia's first country for successful detection of the Mars.
2013年2月5日,印度发射了第一个火星探测器“曼加里安号”,随后成为亚洲第一个成功探测火星的国家。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Magalian " is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“马加利安”被用来研究火星的表面、大气和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Algalian " is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“藻类”被用来研究火星的表面、大气和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars to explore whether there are signs of methane and life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气和矿物特性,以研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane and life in the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷和生命的迹象。
" Mangalian " is used to study the surface, atmosphere and mineral characteristics of the Mars and explore whether there are signs of methane or life on the Mars.
“曼加利安号”用来研究火星的表面、大气层和矿物特性,并研究火星是否有甲烷的迹象或生命的迹象。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic configuration and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动配置和降落伞减速的机会。
The hardest part of the mission is that the probe only has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic configuration and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动配置和降落伞减速的机会。
The best part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic configuration and parachute deceleration.
飞行任务的最好部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动配置和降落伞减速的机会。
The important part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic configuration and parachute deceleration.
任务的重要部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动配置和降落伞减速的机会。
The interesting part of the mission is that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic configuration and parachute deceleration.
有趣的是,在进入火星大气层之前,探测器只有一次气动配置和降落伞减速的机会。
The hardest part of the mission was that the probe just has one chance before entering the Martian atmosphere for aerodynamic configuration and parachute deceleration.
任务中最难的部分是探测器在进入火星大气层之前只有一次气动配置和降落伞减速的机会。
According to Sun Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According to Liu Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师刘泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According to Xu Zezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师徐泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According to Sun Zezhou, the lead designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According to Sun Gezhou, the chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙格州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
According to Sun Zezhou, a chief designer of a Mars detector of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, the Mars exploration task is confronted with many technical challenges.
中国航空航天科技公司火星探测器首席设计师孙泽州表示,火星探测任务面临许多技术挑战。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of that of the Earth, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只有地球的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is extremely low, only 1 % of that of the Earth, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力极低,只有地球的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
The surface pressure of the Mars is very low, only 1 % of that of the Earth, with high uncertainty.
火星的表面压力非常低,只有地球的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 2 % of that of the Earth, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只有地球的2%,具有很高的不确定性。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is quite low, only 1 % of that of the Earth, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力相当低,只有地球的1%,具有很高的不确定性。
The atmospheric pressure of the Mars is very low, only 3 % of that of the Earth, with high uncertainty.
火星的大气压力非常低,只有地球的3%,具有很高的不确定性。
Scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors, such as its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists had not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors, such as its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家们还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴的特点。
Scientists have not had a detailed understanding of Mars factors, such as its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家们还没有详细了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴特性。
Scientists have not had a comprehensive understanding of Mars factors, such as its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家尚未全面了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴特性。
Researchers have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors, such as its changes and storm characteristics.
研究者们还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴特性。
Scientists have not had a complete understanding of Mars factors, such as its changes and storm characteristics.
科学家还没有完全了解火星的各种因素,例如其变化和风暴特性。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover so that it can wait patiently until the departure of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,以便它耐心地等待尘埃暴的离去。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. Therefore a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover so that it can wait patiently until the departure of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能量急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,以便它耐心地等待尘埃暴的离去。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a rapid decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover so that it can wait patiently until the departure of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,这将导致太阳能的迅速下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,以便它耐心地等待尘埃暴的离去。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a severe decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover so that it can wait patiently until the departure of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,这将导致太阳能量的急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,以便它耐心地等待尘埃暴的离去。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a drastic decline in solar energy. So a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover so that it can wait patiently until the departure of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能量急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,以便它耐心地等待尘埃暴的离去。
A dust storm similar to the Earth's dust is often formed in the Mars in the summer, which will lead to a sharp decline in solar energy. Thus a " sleep " mode must be designed for the Mars rover so that it can wait patiently until the departure of dust storms.
夏季火星上经常形成类似于地球尘埃的沙尘暴,导致太阳能量急剧下降,因此必须为火星漫游者设计一种“睡眠”模式,以便它耐心地等待尘埃暴的离去。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减退效应,对火星探测的能源供应构成问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which presents a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对日照有降低效应,对火星探测的能量供应构成问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a challenge for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对太阳光有减少效应,对火星探测的能源供应构成挑战。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which creates a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对日照有降低效应,这给火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian climate has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a problem for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星的气候对日照有减少效应,对火星探测的能源供应造成了问题。
At the same time, the Martian atmosphere has a reducing effect on sunlight, which poses a risk for the energy supply for Mars detection.
同时,火星大气层对日照有降低效应,对火星探测的能源供应构成风险。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger and constantly adjust so as to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼区域要大一些,并不断调整,以便与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area should be larger and constantly adjust so as to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼区域应该更大,并且不断调整,以便与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area must be larger and constantly adjust so as to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼区域必须大一些并不断调整,以便与太阳的方向一致。
This requires that the detector's sun wing area can be larger and constantly adjust so as to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼区域可以更大和不断调整,以便与太阳的方向对齐。
This required that the detector's sun wing area to be larger and constantly adjust so as to align with the sun direction.
这就要求探测器的太阳翼区域要大一些,并不断调整,以便与太阳的方向一致。
It requires that the detector's sun wing area to be larger and constantly adjust so as to align with the sun direction.
它要求探测器的太阳翼区域更大,并不断调整,以便与太阳的方向对齐。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
In particular, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
特别是,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
In fact, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
事实上,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth but much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,但远高于月球表面的重力,所以探针需要更高的能量。
In addition, since the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe needs higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
In addition, because the gravity of the Mars is only 38 % of that of the earth and much higher than that of the Moon surface, so the probe requires higher power.
此外,由于火星的重力仅为地球的38%,而且比月球表面的重力要高得多,所以探测器需要更高的能量。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission is the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe reaches Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器到达火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会来确保成功。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. It is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探测任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只是确保成功的一个机会。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe leaves Martian atmosphere. There is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探险任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器离开火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,只有一次机会可以保证成功。
" The core and the most difficult part of the Mars exploration mission are the aerodynamic shape and parachute deceleration process after the probe enters Martian atmosphere. This is just one chance to ensure success. "
火星探测任务的核心和最困难的部分是探测器进入火星大气层后的气动形状和降落伞减速过程,这只是确保成功的一个机会。
According to Sun Zezhou, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳之州,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Zezhou, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process since the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳之州,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Zezhou, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is very large.
根据太阳之州,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离非常大。
According to Sun Zezhou, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process as the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳之州,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
According to Sun Zezhou, it must rely on the detector to complete the entire process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is extremely large.
根据太阳之州,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离非常大。
According to Sun Zezhou, it must rely on the detector to complete the whole process because the distance between the Earth and the Mars is quite large.
根据太阳之州,它必须依靠探测器来完成整个过程,因为地球和火星之间的距离相当大。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing on the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以减速应该依靠火星上着陆的大气层,然而,要模拟地球上的火星大气层是相当困难的。
Since there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing on the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
由于没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,减速应该依靠火星上着陆的大气层,然而,要模拟地球上的火星大气层是相当困难的。
As there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing on the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
由于没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,减速应该依靠火星的大气层,而降落在火星上,但是模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars when landing on the Mars. However, it is quite difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以降落在火星上的减速应该依赖于火星的大气层,然而,模拟地球上的火星的大气层是相当困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing on the Mars. However, it is very difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以减速应该依靠火星上着陆的大气层,然而,要模拟地球上的火星大气层是很困难的。
Because there is not so much propellant to offset the high speed, the slowdown should rely on the atmosphere of the Mars while landing on the Mars. However, it is extremely difficult to simulate the atmosphere of the Mars on earth.
因为没有太多的推进剂来抵消高速,所以减速应该依靠火星上着陆的大气层,然而,模拟地球上的火星大气层是极其困难的。
The way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon in general. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars, according to Pang Zhihao.
Pang Zhihao说,探测火星的方式与一般探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以实现在火星上载人着陆的目标。
The way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon in general. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the objective of manned landing on the Mars, according to Pang Zhihao.
Pang Zhihao说,探测火星的方式与一般探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以实现在火星上载人着陆的目标。
The process to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon in general. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars, according to Pang Zhihao.
Pang Zhihao说,探测火星的过程与一般探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以实现在火星上载人着陆的目标。
The way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon in general. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars, according to Meng Zhihao.
据孟志豪说,探测火星的方式与一般探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到在火星上载人着陆的目标。
This way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon in general. The entire process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars, according to Pang Zhihao.
这种探测火星的方式与一般探测月球的方式相似,据彭志豪说,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以实现载人登陆火星的目标。
The way to detect the Mars is similar to the way to detect the moon in general. The whole process is also " surrounding, landing, patrolling and returning " to achieve the goal of manned landing on the Mars, according to Pang Zhihao.
发现火星的方式与一般的探测月球的方式相似,整个过程也是“环绕、着陆、巡逻和返回”,以达到在火星上载人着陆的目标,据彭志豪说。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and the Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties for Mars exploration.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此需要克服一系列更为复杂的火星探测技术难题。
Since the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and the Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties for Mars exploration.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此需要克服一系列更为复杂的火星探测技术难题。
As the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and the Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties for Mars exploration.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此需要克服一系列更为复杂的火星探测技术难题。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is greater than that between the Moon and the Earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties for Mars exploration.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此需要克服一系列更为复杂的火星探测技术难题。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and the earth, it needs to overcome a series of more complex technical difficulties for Mars exploration.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此需要克服一系列更为复杂的火星探测技术难题。
Because the distance between the Mars and the earth is larger than that between the Moon and the Earth, it needs to overcome a series of highly complex technical difficulties for Mars exploration.
由于火星与地球之间的距离大于月球与地球之间的距离,因此需要克服一系列非常复杂的火星探测技术难题。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Wang Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁王泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Li Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁李泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Lin Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " would take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁林泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理政党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Sun Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁孙泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定自今天起生效。
According to Taiwanese media reports, Chen Quan, the head of Taiwan's Executive Yuan, announced yesterday morning, " Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations by political parties and their accompanying organizations " will take effective since today.
据台湾媒体报道,台湾行政总裁陈泉昨天上午宣布,“政党及其随行组织处理党资产的规定”将从今天开始生效。
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian stated, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a thousand years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有一千年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with one hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有一百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with a hundred years of tradition, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有百年的传统,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
KMT Vice Chairman Zhan Qixian said, " Kuomintang, with two hundred years of history, will step down otherwise without social commitment and responsibility. "
国民党副主席詹齐县说,“国民党有二百年的历史,如果没有社会责任感和责任感,就会下台。”
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Guan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林关强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations that prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission would investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission should investigate and punish " according to the law ".
林泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的条例,委员会应依法进行调查和处罚。
Chen Quan stressed that if the political party, accompanying organization or trustees are in violations of the regulations which prohibit provisions ban, the Commission will investigate and punish " according to the law ".
陈泉强调,如果政党、附庸组织或受托人违反禁止条款的规定,委员会将依法进行调查和处罚。
Lin Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent Commission against Corruption ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“反腐败独立委员会副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产清算委员会”副主席。
Lin Guan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent Commission against Corruption ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林关又宣布,「廉政公署」副署长洪培根,将担任「廉洁党资产结算委员会」副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Liu Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent Commission against Corruption ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“反腐败独立委员会副主任”刘佩根将担任“党资产清算委员会”副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Chen Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent Commission against Corruption ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“反腐败独立委员会副主任”陈培根将担任“党资产清算委员会”副主席。
Wang Quan also announced that Hong Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent Commission against Corruption ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
王泉还宣布,“反腐败独立委员会副主任”洪培根将担任“党资产清算委员会”副主席。
Lin Quan also announced that Wang Peigen, " Deputy Director of the Independent Commission against Corruption ", will serve as the vice chairman of the Ill-gotten Party Assets Settlement Committee.
林泉还宣布,“反腐败独立委员会副主任”王培根将担任“党资产清算委员会”副主席。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related ill-gotten party assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He stated that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related ill-gotten party assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He said that Gu Lixiong would be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related ill-gotten party assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will act as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related ill-gotten party assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He said that Pu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases will serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related ill-gotten party assets.
他说,普立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
He said that Gu Lixiong will be the most appropriate candidate for the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations. The experience of Hong Peigen who dealt with the major cases would serve as the foundation for the committee to uncover the related ill-gotten party assets.
他说,郭立雄是《党资产处理规例》中最合适的人选。洪培根处理重大案件的经验,将成为委员会揭发有关党资产的基础。
As long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations, according to Zhan Qixian. So if the party assets were all confiscated, then Kuomintang can ask for social support and sponsorship. " You will have a chance to go when there are really no assets now. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐赠,所以如果党的财产全部被没收,国民党就可以请求社会支持和赞助。
So long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations, according to Zhan Qixian. So if the party assets were all confiscated, then Kuomintang can ask for social support and sponsorship. " You will have a chance to go when there are really no assets now. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐赠,所以如果党的财产全部被没收,国民党就可以请求社会支持和赞助。
As long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations, according to Zhan Qixian. But if the party assets were all confiscated, then Kuomintang can ask for social support and sponsorship. " You will have a chance to go when there are really no assets now. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐赠,但如果党的财产全部被没收,国民党就可以请求社会支持和赞助。
As long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations, according to Zhan Qixian. So if the party assets are all confiscated, then Kuomintang can ask for social support and sponsorship. " You will have a chance to go when there are really no assets now. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐赠,所以如果党的财产全部被没收,国民党就可以请求社会支持和赞助。
As long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations, according to Zhan Qixian. And if the party assets were all confiscated, then Kuomintang can ask for social support and sponsorship. " You will have a chance to go when there are really no assets now. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐赠。如果党的财产全部被没收,国民党就可以要求社会支持和赞助。“现在真的没有财产的时候,你就有机会去。”
As long as there are party assets today, no one will give you social donations, according to Zhan Qixian. Even if the party assets were all confiscated, then Kuomintang can ask for social support and sponsorship. " You will have a chance to go when there are really no assets now. "
詹齐县说,只要今天有党的财产,就不会有人给你社会捐赠,即使党的财产全部被没收,国民党也可以要求社会支持和赞助。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的所得资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党资产将变为无效,当事方将自始至终。
Zhong Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
中齐相还强调,即使《党的所得资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党资产将变为无效,当事方将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into force and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的所得资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党的资产将变为无效,该党将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be seized as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的自生资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺扣押,该党的资产将无效,该党将自始至终。
Zhan Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets were not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
詹齐相还强调,即使《党的党产资产处理条例》生效,国民党的资产也未被完全没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党资产将变为无效,该党将自始至终。
Zuo Qixian also stressed that even if the Ill-gotten Party Assets Handling Regulations goes into effect and the Kuomintang party assets are not fully confiscated, the rest will continue to be confiscated as promised, the party asset will go null and the party will start from scratch.
左齐迁还强调,即使《党产资产处理条例》生效,国民党资产尚未全部没收,其余资产将继续按照承诺没收,该党资产将变为无效,当事方将自始至终。
Original title : Lawsuit Launched by " Corridor Doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV Host Wang Zhi'an for Reputation Infringement Fails in First Instance
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”对央视主机王志安的侵权声名在一审中败诉
Original title : Lawsuit Launched by " Corridor Doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV Host Li Zhi'an for Reputation Infringement Fails in First Instance
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”针对CCTVHOHOLI Zhi'an的“侵犯名誉”诉讼在一审中失败
Full title : Lawsuit Launched by " Corridor Doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV Host Wang Zhi'an for Reputation Infringement Fails in First Instance
全文:兰岳峰“走廊大夫”对央视主持人王志安首次提出的“侵犯名誉”诉讼
Original title : Lawsuit Launched by " Corridor Doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV Host Zhang Zhi'an for Reputation Infringement Fails in First Instance
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”对央视主持人张志安首次提出的“侵权声名落空”诉讼
Original title : Lawsuit Launched by " Corridor Doctor " Xin Yuefeng against CCTV Host Wang Zhi'an for Reputation Infringement Fails in First Instance
新岳峰“走廊医生”对央视主持人王志安首次提出的“侵权声名落空”诉讼
Original title : Lawsuit Launched by " Corridor Doctor " Lan Yuefeng against CCTV Host Liu Zhi'an for Reputation Infringement Fails in First Instance
Lan Yuefeng“走廊医生”对CCTV主持人刘志安的“侵权声名失传”诉讼
According to the Legal Evening News : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
据《法律晚报》报道:由于央视主持人王志安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王志安和北京微型梦庄网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
According to the Legal Evening News : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Xun Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
据《法定晚间新闻》报道:由于央视主持人王志安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,孙裕峰将王志安和北京微型梦江网科技有限公司带入法庭。
According to the Legal Evening News : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an posted his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
据《法律晚报》报道:由于央视主持人王智安在微博上发表了对“走廊医生”活动的讲话,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微梦创科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
According to the Legal Evening News : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Xin Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
据《法定晚间新闻》报道:由于央视主持人王志安发表了对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,新岳峰将王志安和北京微型梦江网科技有限公司带入法庭。
According to the Legal Evening News : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an published his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lian Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
据《法定晚间新闻》报道:由于央视主持人王智安发表了针对微博“走廊医生”活动的讲话,连岳峰将王智安和北京微型梦幻庄科网络技术有限公司带入法庭。
According to the Legal Evening News : Because the CCTV host Wang Zhi'an made his remarks against the " corridor doctor " event on microblogging, Lan Yuefeng brought Wang Zhi'an and Beijing Micro Dream Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd. to the court.
据《法律晚报》报道:由于央视主持人王智安对微博“走廊医生”事件发表言论,兰岳峰将王智安和北京微梦创科网络科技有限公司带入法庭。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court ruled the case. According to the verdict, Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法庭作出裁定,裁定王志安及微梦公司不构成侵权,并裁定兰岳峰不受理所有索赔。
Yesterday evening, Haidian court ruled the case. According to the verdict, Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨夜,海淀法庭作出裁定,裁定王志安及微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Yesterday morning, Haidian court ruled the case. According to the verdict, Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日清晨,海淀法庭作出裁定,裁定王志安及微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔要求。
Yesterday day, Haidian court ruled the case. According to the verdict, Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日,海淀法庭作出裁定,裁定王志安及微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Yesterday afternoon, Haidian court ruled the case. According to the verdict, Sun Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
昨日下午,海淀法庭作出裁定,裁定孙志安及微梦公司不构成侵权,并驳回兰岳峰的所有索赔。
Next afternoon, Haidian court ruled the case. According to the verdict, Wang Zhi'an and Micro Dream Company did not constitute the infringement and dismissed the Lan Yuefeng for all the claims.
第二天下午,海淀法院作出判决,根据判决,王志安和微梦公司没有构成侵权,因此驳回了兰岳峰的所有索赔要求。
At the beginning of 2014, Wang Zhi'an, a reporter of CCTV found after his survey that although the Lan Yuefeng event ( sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days ) was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰事件 ( 坐在走廊上600多天 ) 被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, Liu Zhi'an, a reporter of CCTV found after his survey that although the Lan Yuefeng event ( sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days ) was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者刘志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰事件 ( 坐在走廊上600多天 ) 被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
In the beginning of 2014, Wang Zhi'an, a reporter of CCTV found after his survey that although the Lan Yuefeng event ( sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days ) was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者王志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰事件 ( 坐在走廊上600多天 ) 被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, Zhang Zhi'an, a reporter of CCTV found after his survey that although the Lan Yuefeng event ( sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days ) was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者张志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰事件 ( 坐在走廊上600多天 ) 被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, Li Zhi'an, a reporter of CCTV found after his survey that although the Lan Yuefeng event ( sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days ) was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,央视记者李志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰事件 ( 坐在走廊上600多天 ) 被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
At the beginning of 2014, Xu Zhi'an, a reporter of CCTV found after his survey that although the Lan Yuefeng event ( sitting in the corridor for more than 600 days ) was shaped as the tragic hero suppressed by the media, these reports had a lot of false information.
2014年初,中央电视台的一名记者徐志安在接受调查后发现,尽管兰岳峰事件 ( 坐在走廊上600多天 ) 被媒体视为被媒体压抑的悲剧英雄,但这些报道却含有大量虚假信息。
On March 29, 2014, the " Corridor Doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey went live.
2014年3月29日, 央视新闻调查制作的 “ 走廊医生 ” 节目正式播出.
On April 29, 2014, the " Corridor Doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey went live.
2014年4月29日, 央视新闻调查制作的 “ 走廊医生 ” 节目正式播出.
On May 29, 2014, the " Corridor Doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey went live.
2014年5月29日, 央视新闻调查制作的 “ 走廊医生 ” 节目正式播出.
On January 29, 2014, the " Corridor Doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey went live.
2014年1月29日, 央视新闻调查制作的 “ 走廊医生 ” 节目正式播出.
On July 29, 2014, the " Corridor Doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey went live.
2014年7月29日, 央视新闻调查制作的 “ 走廊医生 ” 节目正式播出.
On June 29, 2014, the " Corridor Doctor " program produced by CCTV news survey went live.
2014年6月29日, 央视新闻调查制作的 “ 走廊医生 ” 节目正式播出.
All information about the so-called excessive medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报道的所谓过度医疗的所有信息都没有任何证据支持。
All reports about the so-called excessive medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
所有关于Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度医疗的报道都没有任何证据支持。
All information about the so-called excessive medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media does not have any evidence support.
Lan Yeefeng向媒体报道的所谓过度医疗的所有信息都没有任何证据支持。
All claims about the so-called excessive medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
所有关于Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度医疗的指控都没有任何证据支持。
All rumours about the so-called excessive medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
所有关于兰岳峰向媒体报告的所谓过度医疗的谣言都没有任何证据支持。
All allegations about the so-called excessive medical treatment reported by Lan Yuefeng to the media do not have any evidence support.
所有关于Lan Yeefeng向媒体报告的所谓过度医疗的指控都没有任何证据支持。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在真名认证的微博中,王志安也说,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lian Yuefeng to become this is his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在有真名认证的微博中,王志安也说,连岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Xin Yuefeng to become this is his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在有真名认证的微博中,王志安也说,新岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In his microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
王志安在用真名验证的微博中也说,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In the microblogging with real-name certification, Zhang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
在用真名认证的微博中,张志安还说,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
In her microblogging with real-name certification, Wang Zhi'an also said that the reason for Lan Yuefeng to become this is his stubborn characters and paranoid personality ".
王志安在用真名验证的微博中也说,兰岳峰之所以成为这个角色,是因为他固执的性格和偏执的个性。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging posts, apologize to him and pay RMB 100, 000 as the mental damage solatium.
LanYefeng声称,王志安应该删除微博帖子,向他道歉,并支付10万元人民币作为精神损害费。
Lian Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging posts, apologize to him and pay RMB 100, 000 as the mental damage solatium.
连岳峰称,王志安应删除微博帖子,向他道歉,并支付10万元人民币作为精神损害费。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Zhang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging posts, apologize to him and pay RMB 100, 000 as the mental damage solatium.
兰岳峰称,张志安应删除微博帖子,向他道歉,并支付10万元人民币作为精神损害费。
Xin Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging posts, apologize to him and pay RMB 100, 000 as the mental damage solatium.
新岳峰称,王志安应删除微博帖子,向他道歉,并支付10万元人民币作为精神损害赔款。
Lan Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging posts, apologize to him and pay RMB 50, 000 as the mental damage solatium.
Lan Yuefeng声称,王志安应删除微博帖子,向他道歉,并支付5万元人民币作为精神损害费。
Xun Yuefeng claimed that Wang Zhi'an should delete the microblogging posts, apologize to him and pay RMB 100, 000 as the mental damage solatium.
孙裕峰称,王志安应删除微博帖子,向他道歉,并支付10万元人民币作为精神损害费。
In the court hearing, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在法庭聆讯中,双方争论王建谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
At the court hearing, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在法庭聆讯中,双方争论王建谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
During the court hearing, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在法庭聆讯中,双方争论王建谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
In a court hearing, the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在一次庭审中,双方争论说王建谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
In the court hearing, the two sides argued whether Liu Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在法庭聆讯中,双方争论刘志安是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
In the court hearing, the two sides argued whether Li Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng.
在法庭聆讯中,双方争论李志谦是否侵犯了兰岳峰的名誉权。
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的亮点:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highlights of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highpoint of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is extremely busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的亮点:在田径赛开始时,中国足球队非常忙碌,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
Highlight of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is very busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的亮点:在田径赛开始时,中国足球队非常忙碌,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
High point of the 12th day of the month : at the beginning of Track and Field Events, the Chinese team is quite busy and the women's football association aims to become the top four of the bicycle games
本月第12天的高潮:在田径赛开始时,中国队很忙,女子足球协会的目标是成为自行车赛的前四
The bicycle game is expected to realize " a breakthrough to the zero gold medal record " in the Olympic Games while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运会上实现“金牌破晓的突破”,而女子世界杯女子队将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双赢队,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize " a breakthrough to the zero gold medal record " at the Olympic Games while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运会上实现“金牌破晓的突破”,而女子世界杯女子队将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双赢队,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize " a breakthrough to the zero gold medal record " for the Olympic Games while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运会上实现“金牌零位突破”,女子世界杯女子赛将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双胜,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The volleyball game is expected to realize " a breakthrough to the zero gold medal record " in the Olympic Games while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
这场排球比赛有望在奥运会上实现“金牌破晓的突破”,女子世界杯女子将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双胜,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize " a breakthrough to the zero gold medal record " in the Olympic Games and the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to become the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运会上实现“金牌零位突破”,女子世界杯女子队将挑战德国队,德国队两次夺冠,并有望成为世界冠军四强。
The bicycle game is expected to realize " a breakthrough to the zero gold medal record " in the Olympic Games while the Women's World Cup girls will challenge Germany team, the world champion winner for twice and are expected to enter the top four.
自行车比赛有望在奥运会上实现“金牌破晓的突破”,女子世界杯女子赛将挑战德国队,德国队是世界冠军的双胜,并有望进入世界冠军四强。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the recent two races. He won a silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在最近的两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上获得了银牌,今年5月他被提升为世界锦标赛的单个项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the recent two races. He won a bronze medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在近期的两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上获得了铜牌,今年5月,他被提升为世界锦标赛的单个项目冠军。
Li Zhen was quite outstanding in the recent two races. He won a silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
李振在最近的两场比赛中表现得相当出色,他去年在北京赢得了世界田径锦标赛的银牌,今年5月被提升为世界田径锦标赛的个别项目冠军。
Zhang Zhen was quite outstanding in the recent two races. He won a silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
张镇在最近的两场比赛中表现得相当出色,他去年在北京赢得了世界田径锦标赛的银牌,今年5月被提升为世界田径锦标赛的单个项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was very outstanding in the recent two races. He won a silver medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在最近的两场比赛中表现得非常出色,他去年在北京赢得了世界田径锦标赛的银牌,今年5月被提升为世界田径锦标赛的单个项目冠军。
Wang Zhen was quite outstanding in the recent two races. He won a gold medal for the athletics world championship held in Beijing last year and was upgraded to the individual project champion in the world championship this May.
王镇在最近的两场比赛中表现得相当出色,去年在北京举行的田径世界锦标赛上夺得了金牌,今年5月在世界锦标赛上被提升为单项项目冠军。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, a 27-year-old Korean archery female player, won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is her second Olympic gold medal following the one for team competition. This made her a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是她继小组比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, a 27-year-old Korean archery female player, won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. It is her second Olympic gold medal following the one for team competition. This made her a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是她继小组比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, a 27-year-old Korean archery female player, won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is her second Olympic gold medal following the one for team competition. It made her a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是她继小组比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Wang Huizhen, a 27-year-old Korean archery female player, won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is her second Olympic gold medal following the one for team competition. This made her a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩国射箭运动员王惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是她继队比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Li Huizhen, a 27-year-old Korean archery female player, won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is her second Olympic gold medal following the one for team competition. This made her a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,27岁的韩国射箭女运动员李惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是她继比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为了双赢者。
According to foreign media reports, Zhang Huizhen, a 24-year-old Korean archery female player, won the gold medal in the women's archery individual tournament. This is her second Olympic gold medal following the one for team competition. This made her a double winner.
据外国媒体报道,24岁的韩射箭女运动员张惠珍在女子射箭个人锦标赛中夺得了金牌,这是她继小组比赛之后获得的第二枚奥运金牌,这使她成为双赢者。
Zhang Huizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets not winning the last session of the Rondon Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张惠珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届罗登奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Yuzhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets not winning the last session of the Rondon Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张玉珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届罗登奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Yizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets not winning the last session of the Rondon Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张宜珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届罗登奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Zhang Weizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets not winning the last session of the Rondon Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
张薇珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届罗登奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Liu Huizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets not winning the last session of the Rondon Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
刘惠珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得上届罗登奥运会的门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢奥运讲台上。
Wang Huizhen is considered as a late bloomer. She regrets not winning the last session of the Rondon Olympic Games tickets before, but now she proudly stands on the top of the Rio Olympic podium.
王惠珍被认为是一个晚开球手,她后悔没有赢得隆登奥运会的最后一次门票,但是现在她自豪地站在了里约热内卢的奥运讲台上。
Zhang Huizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张惠珍在里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中夺得了丽莎温格鲁(Lisa Wenglu)的金牌,总分为6-2。
Zhang Yuzhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张玉珍夺得了巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛的金牌,总分为6-2。
Zhang Weizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张维珍在丽莎温格鲁夺得金牌,巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛总分为6-2。
Zhang Yizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
张义镇在丽莎温格鲁获得金牌,在巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛中总分为6-2。
Liu Huizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
刘惠珍在莉萨温格鲁获得金牌,巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛总分为6-2。
Wang Huizhen won the gold medal in Lisa Wenglu, a total score of 6-2 in the women's archery finals at the Samba Boulevard in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
王惠珍在丽莎温格鲁获得金牌,巴西里约热内卢桑巴大道女子射箭决赛总分为6-2。
She did archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She did not win the first individual tournament gold medal until she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次射箭,直到2014年27岁,她才赢得第一块单项金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
She did archery for the first time in the third grade of primary school. She did not win the first individual tournament gold medal until she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学三年级第一次射箭,直到2014年27岁,她才赢得第一块单项金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
She did archery for the first time in the fifth grade of primary school. She did not win the first individual tournament gold medal until she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学五年级第一次射箭,直到2014年27岁,她才赢得第一块单项金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
She tried archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She did not win the first individual tournament gold medal until she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次尝试射箭,直到2014年27岁,她才赢得第一块个人金牌。
She started archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She did not win the first individual tournament gold medal until she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次开始射箭,直到2014年27岁,她才赢得第一块个人锦标赛金牌。
She played archery for the first time in the fourth grade of primary school. She did not win the first individual tournament gold medal until she was 27 in 2014. So she is a late bloomer.
她在小学四年级第一次打射箭,直到2014年27岁,她才赢得第一块单项金牌,所以她是个晚开球手。
Zhang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Yuzhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张玉珍回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Yizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
张艺珍回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Li Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
李辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Liu Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
刘辉镇回忆道:“我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Wang Huizhen recalled, " My performance before high school was too bad to enable me to participate in the national competition.
王辉镇回忆说:"我高中前的表现太差了,我无法参加全国性的比赛。
Zhang Huizhen was only ranked the fourth at the Rondon Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and just watched her colleague and good friend Qi Fubei win two gold medals.
张惠珍在荣登奥运会资格考试中仅名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场机会,眼睁睁看着她的同事和好朋友齐福北赢得了两枚金牌。
Zhang Yuzhen was only ranked the fourth at the Rondon Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and just watched her colleague and good friend Qi Fubei win two gold medals.
张玉珍在荣登奥运会资格考试中仅名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场机会,眼睁睁看着她的同事和好朋友齐福北赢得了两枚金牌。
Zhang Yizhen was only ranked the fourth at the Rondon Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and just watched her colleague and good friend Qi Fubei win two gold medals.
在荣登奥运会资格考试中,张艺珍仅名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场机会,眼睁睁看着她的同事和好朋友齐福北赢得了两枚金牌。
Liu Huizhen was only ranked the fourth at the Rondon Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and just watched her colleague and good friend Qi Fubei win two gold medals.
刘惠珍在荣登奥运会资格考试中仅名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场机会,眼睁睁看着她的同事和好朋友齐福北赢得了两枚金牌。
Li Huizhen was only ranked the fourth at the Rondon Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and just watched her colleague and good friend Qi Fubei win two gold medals.
李惠珍在荣登奥运会的参赛资格考试中仅名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场资格,眼睁睁看着她的同事和好朋友齐福北赢得了两枚金牌。
Chen Huizhen was only ranked the fourth at the Rondon Olympic Games qualification trials. Unfortunately, she lost the Olympic admission and just watched her colleague and good friend Qi Fubei win two gold medals.
陈惠珍在荣登奥运会资格考试中仅名列第四,不幸的是,她失去了奥运入场机会,眼睁睁看着她的同事和好朋友齐福北赢得了两枚金牌。
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐枪射一射直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
Zhang Weizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼之后,张维珍谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐个射门,直到最后一枪,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
Zhang Yuzhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张玉珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他的金牌,我试着逐枪射一射,直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意了。
Zhang Yizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼之后,张艺珍谈到他赢得的金牌。“我试着逐个射门,直到最后一枪,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意。”
Liu Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Maybe it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
刘惠珍在女子个人射箭颁奖典礼后谈到他的金牌,我试图逐个射门,直到最后一枪,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我心满意足。
Zhang Huizhen talked about his gold winning after the women's individual awards ceremony of archery. " I tried to shoot one by one until the last. Perhaps it is because this brings me good results and makes me contented. "
张惠珍在女子射箭个人颁奖典礼后谈到他赢得的金牌,我试图逐枪射一射,直到最后一射,也许是因为这给我带来了好成绩,让我满意了。
Qi Fubei, the 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the Rondon Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner, won the bronze medal.
齐福北,28岁的韩国射箭“一号”,和荣登奥运会射箭个人赢得铜牌。
Qi Jibei, the 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the Rondon Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner, won the bronze medal.
齐吉北,28岁的韩国射箭“一号”,和荣登奥运会射箭个人赢得铜牌。
Qi Shubei, the 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the Rondon Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner, won the bronze medal.
齐树北,28岁的韩国射箭“一号”,和荣登奥运会射箭个人赢得铜牌。
Qi Yubei, the 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the Rondon Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner, won the bronze medal.
齐育北,28岁的韩国射箭“一号”,和荣登奥运会射箭个人赢得铜牌。
Li Fubei, the 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the Rondon Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner, won the bronze medal.
李福北,28岁的韩国射箭“一号”,和荣登奥运会射箭个人赢得铜牌。
Yang Fubei, the 28-year-old Korean archery " No. 1 ", and the Rondon Olympic Games archery individual tournament winner, won the bronze medal.
杨福北,28岁的韩国射箭“一号”,和荣登奥运会射箭个人赢得铜牌。
Qi Fubei was defeated by Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.
齐福北在半决赛中被张惠珍击败,并与墨西哥选手亚历山德拉·巴伦西亚争夺铜牌。
Qi Shubei was defeated by Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.
齐树北在半决赛中被张惠珍击败,并与墨西哥选手亚历山德拉·巴伦西亚争夺铜牌。
Qi Yubei was defeated by Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.
齐玉北在半决赛中被张惠珍击败,并与墨西哥选手亚历山德拉巴伦西亚争夺铜牌。
Liu Fubei was defeated by Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.
刘福北在半决赛中被张惠珍击败,并与墨西哥球员亚历山德拉·巴伦西亚争夺铜牌。
Wang Fubei was defeated by Zhang Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.
王福北在半决赛中被张惠珍击败,并与墨西哥球员亚历山德拉·巴伦西亚争夺铜牌。
Qi Fubei was defeated by Zhao Huizhen in the semifinals and competed for the bronze medal with the Mexican player Alexandra Valencia.
齐福北在半决赛中被赵惠珍击败,并与墨西哥选手亚历山德拉·巴伦西亚争夺铜牌。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the bronze medal, from which we can see her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得了铜牌后流下了眼泪,从中我们可以看出她的压力。
Zhang Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the bronze medal, from which we can see her pressure.
张福北知道自己赢得了铜牌后流下了眼泪,我们从中可以看到她的压力。
Li Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the bronze medal, from which we can see her pressure.
李福北知道自己赢得了铜牌后流泪,从中我们可以看出她的压力。
Qi Fubei cried tears after she knew she won the bronze medal, from which we can see her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得了铜牌后哭了起来,我们从中可以看到她的压力。
Qi Fubei had tears after she knew she won the bronze medal, from which we can see her pressure.
齐福北知道自己赢得了铜牌后,眼泪流淌,从中我们可以看出她的压力。
Qi Fubei shed tears once she knew she won the bronze medal, from which we can see her pressure.
齐福北一知道自己赢得了铜牌,就流下了眼泪,我们可以从中看出她的压力。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience during his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习的过程中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which must be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过一定时间积累的科学培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience from his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,教练人员从他渐进式的学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过科学培训,并需要长期积累。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs specialized training, which should be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次是需要经过一定时间积累的专门培训。
Firstly, the coaching staff accumulated rich experience in his gradual study. Secondly, it needs scientific training, which can be accumulated over time.
首先,辅导员在逐步学习中积累了丰富的经验,其次,需要经过科学培训才能积累。
The archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through a cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助球队队员集中注意力,保持无偏见,夜间穿越墓地。
The archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through a cemetery at night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助球队队员集中注意力,保持无偏见,夜间穿越墓地。
The archery team helped the team players focus and stay unbiased via military training and going through a cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助球队队员集中注意力,保持中立,夜间穿越墓地。
The archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased through military training and going through a cemetery during night.
射箭队帮助球队队员通过军训和夜间穿越墓地,集中注意力和保持无偏见。
An archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and going through a cemetery during night.
一个射箭队帮助球队球员通过军事训练,在夜间穿过墓地,集中注意力并保持无偏见。
The archery team helped the team players focus and remain unbiased via military training and running through a cemetery during night.
射箭队通过军事训练帮助球队队员集中注意力,保持无偏见,并在夜间穿越墓地。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really hit the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正冲击市场。
Though not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really hit the market.
尽管尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正冲击市场。
While not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really hit the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正冲击市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 will really hit the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正冲击市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Apple's 2016 autumn conference would be held in September, and iPhone7 would really hit the market.
虽然尚未证实,但很多消息来源称,苹果2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正冲击市场。
Although not yet confirmed, it is said by many sources that Microsoft's 2016 autumn conference will be held in September, and iPhone7 would really hit the market.
尽管尚未证实,但许多消息来源称,微软2016年秋季会议将于9月举行,iPhone7将真正冲击市场。
Despite no response from Apple, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine prototype " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有回复,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上也有iPhone7“真正的机器原型”的图片。
Despite negative response from Apple, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine prototype " on the internet.
尽管苹果公司给出了否定的回复,但也有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,互联网上甚至还有iPhone7“真正的机器原型”的图片。
With no response from Apple, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine prototype " on the internet.
由于苹果没有回复,有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上有iPhone7“真正的机器原型”的图片。
Despite no response from Apple, there are media release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine prototype " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有做出回应,但有媒体发布关于新iPhone的功能和配置。互联网上甚至有iPhone7“真正的机器原型”的图片。
Despite no response from Apple, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of iPhone7 " real machine prototype " on the Internet.
尽管苹果没有回复,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿。互联网上甚至有iPhone7“真正的机器原型”的图片。
Despite no response from Apple, there are news release about the function and configuration of the new iPhone. There are even the images of i7 " real machine prototype " on the internet.
尽管苹果没有回复,但有关于新iPhone功能和配置的新闻稿,甚至互联网上有i7“真正的机器原型”的图片。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸。如果第一次想买真款,你必须选择一个不错的频道,比如苏宁。
The newest generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
最新一代的iPhone真的“引人注目”,热辣而难以获取。如果第一次想买真手机,你必须选择一个不错的频道,比如苏宁。
The latest generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
新一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸的。如果第一次想买真款,你必须选择一个不错的频道,比如苏宁。
The new generation of iPhone is really " eye-popping ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
新一代的iPhone实在是“令人眼花缭乱”,热辣难找。如果第一次想买真款,你必须选择一个不错的频道,比如苏宁(Suning)。
The next generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
下一代的iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸。如果第一次想买真款,你必须选择一个不错的频道,比如苏宁。
The second generation of iPhone is really " eye-catching ", hot and hard-to-get. If you want to buy the genuine at the first time, you must choose a good channel, for example, Suning.
第二代iPhone实在是“让人目眩”、热辣和难以捉摸。如果第一次想买真款,你必须选择一个不错的频道,例如,苏宁。
This has further dampened people's enthusiasm for the new iPhone. " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation is so terrible. "
这进一步抑制了人们对新iPhone的热情。“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代人太可怕了。”
This has further dampened people's enthusiasm for the new iPhone. " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic pictures ! This generation is so terrible. "
这进一步抑制了人们对新iPhone的热情。“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图画!这代人太可怕了。”
This has greatly dampened people's enthusiasm for the new iPhone. " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation is so terrible. "
这极大地抑制了人们对新iPhone的热情。“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代人太可怕了。”
This has severely dampened people's enthusiasm for the new iPhone. " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation is so terrible. "
这严重挫败了人们对新的iPhone的热情。“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代人太可怕了。”
This has further dampened people's enthusiasm for the new iPhone. " It has lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation is so terrible. "
这进一步抑制了人们对新iPhone的热情。“它已经延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代人太可怕了。”
This announcement further dampened people's enthusiasm for the new iPhone. " It is lengthened, but cannot be used to cast holographic images ! This generation is so terrible. "
这个公告进一步挫败了人们对新的iPhone的热情。“它被延长了,但不能用来投射全息图像!这代人太可怕了。”
iPhone7, just like other iPhones, carries countless secrets before birth.
iPhone7就像其他iPhone一样,在出生前有着无数的秘密。
iPhone 2, just like other iPhones, carries countless secrets before birth.
iPhone 2和其他iPhone一样,在出生前也有着无数的秘密。
iPhone 3, just like other iPhones, carries countless secrets before birth.
与其它iPhone一样,iPhone3在出生前也拥有无数的秘密。
i7, just like other iPhones, carries countless secrets before birth.
就像其他的iPhone一样,在出生前还有无数的秘密。
iPhone 1, just like other iPhones, carries countless secrets before birth.
iPhone 1和其他iPhone一样,在出生前也拥有无数的秘密。
iPhone 5, just like other iPhones, carries countless secrets before birth.
iPhone5就像其他iPhone一样,在出生前有着无数的秘密。
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,一些消息来源声称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In fact, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
事实上,有一些消息称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3. 5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In addition, there are a variety of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,还有各种来源声称新一代iPhone将取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will allow space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,一些消息来源声称新一代iPhone将取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,让苹果有空间添加第二个扬声器。
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connection and charging interface instead, which will give space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,一些消息来源声称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果增添第二个扬声器提供空间。
In addition, there are a number of sources claiming that the new generation of iPhone will have the 3. 5mm headphone jack cancelled, and adopt Bluetooth connectivity and charging interface instead, which will provide space for Apple to add a second speaker.
此外,一些消息来源声称新一代iPhone手机将被取消3.5mm耳机插孔,改用蓝牙连接和充电接口,为苹果添加第二个扬声器提供空间。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Other evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的其他证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2015, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2015年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Another reason to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个原因是,早在2014年,苹果就会允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to support this news is that as early as 2013, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的另一个证据是,早在2013年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口来生产耳机产品。
Further evidence to support this news is that as early as 2014, Apple will allow headset manufacturers to produce headset products via producing charging interface.
支持这一消息的进一步证据是,早在2014年,苹果就允许耳机制造商通过生产充电接口生产耳机产品。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Other evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
其它可以证实这个消息的证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone through the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Further evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
进一步的证据证实这一信息,苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接生产耳机。
Another evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone by the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的另一个证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Some evidence to confirm this message is that Apple allows the headphone manufacturer to produce headphone via the connection of charge interface.
证实这个消息的一些证据是苹果允许耳机制造商通过电源接口的连接来生产耳机。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn news conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,直到2016年苹果秋天的新闻发布会才公布。
Whether the news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn news conference.
无论新闻是真实的还是虚假的,都将在2016年苹果秋天的新闻发布会上公布。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2015 Apple autumn news conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,将在2015年苹果秋季新闻发布会之前公布。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2017 Apple autumn news conference.
无论这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,都将在2017年苹果秋天的新闻发布会上公布。
Whether these news are true or false would not be unveiled until the 2016 Apple autumn news conference.
这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,直到2016年苹果秋天的新闻发布会才公布。
Whether these news are true or false will not be unveiled until the 2014 Apple autumn news conference.
无论这些新闻是真实的还是虚假的,直到2014年苹果秋天的新闻发布会才公布。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders from being optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But that does not prevent the industry insiders from being optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7可能成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders from being optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone may decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7可能成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示iPhone的市场占有率可能在一定程度上下降。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders from being optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the statistics released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7可能成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But it does not prevent the industry insiders from being optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 will be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
不过,这并没有阻止业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7将成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据中可以看出,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
But this does not prevent the industry insiders from being optimistic about the prospects of iPhone7-many people think that iPhone7 would be likely to become the last major upgrade of Apple's iPhone series, although it can be seen from the data released by the market research institution IDC that the market share of iPhone will decline to some degree.
但这并不妨碍业内人士对iPhone7的前途持乐观态度,认为iPhone7可能成为苹果iPhone系列的最后一次重大升级,尽管从市场研究机构IDC发布的数据显示,iPhone的市场占有率将在一定程度上下降。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will achieve a historical high sales.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将实现历史高销量。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 would achieve a historical high sales.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将实现历史高销量。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while CMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will achieve a historical high sales.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而CMO分析师认为,iPhone7将实现历史高销量。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Nokia's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will achieve a historical high sales.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将诺基亚的股票列为“买入”评级,而BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将实现历史高销。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " and BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 will achieve a historical high sales.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,BMO分析师认为,iPhone7将实现历史高销量。
Among them, Goldman Sachs ranked Apple's stock to be the rating of " buying " while BMO analyst thought that iPhone7 could achieve a historical high sales.
其中,高盛(Goldman Sachs)将苹果(Apple)的股价评为“买入”,而BMO分析师认为iPhone7可以实现历史高销量。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth would likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 30 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过30%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
Furthermore, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
此外,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Hock Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 10 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Hock Tan也表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过10%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
Meanwhile, Broadcom CEO Teck Tan also said that Apple's future revenue growth will likely be more than 20 %, which is entirely due to the introduction of iPhone7.
同时,Broadcom首席执行长Teck Tan还表示,苹果公司未来收入增长可能超过20%,这完全是因为推出了iPhone7。
7 % of respondents expected to buy iPhone7, while the rate for iPhone6 was only 4 % two years ago.
7%的受访者预计购买iPhone7,而iPhone6两年前的利率仅为4%。
7 % of respondents expected to buy iPhone7, while the rate for iPhone6 was only 4 % three years ago.
7%的受访者预计购买iPhone7,而iPhone6的收率在三年前仅为4%。
7 % of respondents expected to buy iPhone7, while the rate for iPhone6 was only 4 % four years ago.
7%的受访者预计购买iPhone7,而iPhone6的售价在4年前仅为4%。
7 % of respondents expected to buy iPhone7, while the rate for iPhone6 was only 4 % five years ago.
7%的受访者预计购买iPhone7,而iPhone6的售价在5年前仅为4%。
7 % of respondents expected to buy iPhone7, while the rate for iPhone6 was only 3 % two years ago.
7%的受访者预计购买iPhone7,而iPhone6两年前的利率仅为3%。
7 % of respondents expected to buy iPhone7, while the rate for iPhone6 was only 5 % two years ago.
7%的受访者预计购买iPhone7,而iPhone6两年前的利率仅为5%。
It is learned that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a rather high proportion.
据悉,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is learned that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus follow such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a rather high proportion.
据悉,目前20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户群遵循这种购买iPhone7的计划。
It is learned that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus use such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a rather high proportion.
据悉,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户使用这种计划购买iPhone7。
It is learned that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a very high proportion.
据悉,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is learned that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 and 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a rather high proportion.
据悉,目前有20%的iPhone6和6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
It is learned that currently 20 % of user groups of iPhone6 or 6Plus have such a plan to purchase iPhone7. This is a relatively high proportion.
据悉,目前有20%的iPhone6或6Plus用户有购买iPhone7的计划。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhones every two generations.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢每两代更换自己的iPhone。
Lastly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhones every two generations.
最后,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢每两代更换自己的iPhone。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhones every three generations.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝喜欢每三代更换自己的iPhone。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans prefer to replace their own iPhones every two generations.
其次,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝更倾向于每两代更换自己的iPhone。
Sadly, according to expert analysis, most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhones every two generations.
可悲的是,根据专家分析,大多数iPhone粉丝都喜欢每两代更换自己的iPhone。
Secondly, according to expert analysis, many of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhones every two generations.
其次,根据专家的分析,许多iPhone粉丝喜欢更换他们自己的iPhone每两代。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for two years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for two years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones in two years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for two years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约26%的用户在两年内没有更换过手机,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户使用同一iPhone已有两年了。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, almost 26 % of users have not changed their phones for two years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for two years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,近26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for two years. That is, about 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for two years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,约有1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, nearly 26 % of users have not changed their phones for two years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for two years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,近26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to statistics, among all iPhone users, about 26 % of users have not changed their phones for two years. That is, almost 120 million users of iPhones have been using the same iPhone for 2 years.
据统计,在所有iPhone用户中,约有26%的用户已经有两年没有更换手机了,也就是说,近1.2亿iPhone用户用了两年来一直使用相同的iPhone。
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of NSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,在iPhone7生产期间,台湾发生了几起地震。“NSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of HSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,在iPhone7生产期间,台湾发生了几起地震。“HSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan experienced several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间经历了几次地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities is beyond imagination and may affect the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设备的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
According to media, Taiwan witnessed several earthquakes during the production period of iPhone7. " The destruction of TSMC production facilities was beyond imagination and may impact the initial supply of iPhone7. "
据媒体报道,台湾在iPhone生产期间发生了几起地震。“TSMC生产设施的破坏超出了想像力,可能影响iPhone7的初始供应。”
Balance between supply and demand will affect the average users, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供求平衡会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7是第一次。
Balancing between supply and demand will affect the average users, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
平衡供求关系会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7的时机已经到来。
Balance between supply and demand may affect the average users, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供求平衡可能会影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7的时间已经到了。
Balance between supply and demand can affect the average users, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供求平衡可以影响普通用户,因此选择好的渠道和购买真正的iPhone7的时机已经到来。
Balance between supply and demand does affect the average users, so it is time to choose a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供求之间的平衡确实影响着普通用户,因此选择好的渠道并购买真正的iPhone7的时机已经到来。
Balance between supply and demand will affect the average users, so it is time to find a good channel and purchase the genuine iPhone7 for the first time.
供求平衡将影响普通用户,因此,现在该是找到一条好渠道并购买真正的iPhone7的时候了。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the purpose to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,苏宁的管理人员和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the aim to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,苏宁公司高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供应。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the objective to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,最近,森宁的管理人员和苹果公司频繁会面,目标是准备充足的供应。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the goal to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士称,最近,森宁的管理人员和苹果公司经常会达到目标,准备充足的供应。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the intention to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士透露,苏宁公司高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,并打算准备充足的供货。
According to informed sources, recently, Suning executives and Apple frequently meet, with the intent to prepare adequate supply.
据知情人士透露,苏宁公司高管和苹果公司最近经常会面,目的是准备充足的供货。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will surely be brought to users.
营办商已与苏宁谈判,因此,可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务一定会提供给用户。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services can surely be brought to users.
营办商已经与苏宁进行了谈判,因此,可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务无疑可以带给用户。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. Thus it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will surely be brought to users.
营办商已与苏宁谈判,因此,可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务一定会提供给用户。
Auditors have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will surely be brought to users.
审计师已经与苏宁进行了谈判,因此,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务一定会提供给用户。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. Now it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, lower prices and more intimate services will surely be brought to users.
营办商已经与苏宁谈判,现在可以预见,随着双方合作的深入,价格的降低和更为亲密的服务一定会提供给用户。
Operators have negotiated with Suning. So it is foreseeable that, with the depth of cooperation between the two sides, cheaper prices and more intimate services will surely be brought to users.
营办商已经与苏宁进行了谈判,因此,随着双方合作的深入,价格更便宜、服务更亲密无疑会提供给用户。
" With the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" For the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
“ 以最低价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" At the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
“ 以最低价格, 消费者可以 “ 每天只用7元购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 for just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer can " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 以每天7元的价格购买iPhone7 ”.
" With the lowest price, the consumer may " buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan a day ".
以最低的价格, 消费者可以 “ 每天只用7元购买iPhone7 ”.
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7的购买压力。苏宁的物流将这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will relieve the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠可以缓解iPhone7的购买压力,而Suning的物流将让这种良好的感觉变为更直观的体验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions can alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠可以缓解iPhone7的购买压力,而Suning的物流将让这种良好的感觉转变为更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will ease the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will change such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠可以缓解iPhone7的购买压力,而Suning的物流将让这种良好的感觉转变为更直观的体验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will turn such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7的购买压力。苏宁的物流将这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Adequate supply and a variety of concessions will alleviate the pressure of iPhone7 buying. Suning's logistics will transform such good feeling into more intuitive sense of experience.
充足的供应和各种优惠将缓解iPhone7的购买压力。苏宁的物流服务将把这种良好的感觉转变成更直观的经验。
Maybe you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello. This is from Suning Tesco. We are calling to say your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜时分,你可能会接到电话。“你好,这是苏宁乐购的。我们打电话来是想说你的iPhone在这里。”
So you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello. This is from Suning Tesco. We are calling to say your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜时分,你接到电话。“你好,这是苏宁乐购的。我们打电话是说你的iPhone7来了。”
Maybe you'll get a call around midnight. " Hello. This is from Suning Tesco. We are calling to say your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜左右,你可能会接到电话。“你好,这是从苏宁乐学院打来的。我们打电话是说你的iPhone7来了。”
And you'll get a call at midnight. " Hello. This is from Suning Tesco. We are calling to say your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜时分,你会接到电话的。“你好,这是苏宁乐购的。我们打电话来是想说你的iPhone在这里。”
Maybe you'll get a call before midnight. " Hello. This is from Suning Tesco. We are calling to say your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜前,你可能会接到电话。“你好,这是苏宁乐购的。我们打电话来是想说你的iPhone在这里。”
Maybe you'll get a call after midnight. " Hello. This is from Suning Tesco. We are calling to say your iPhone7 is here. "
午夜过后,你可能会接到电话。“你好,这是苏宁乐购的。我们打电话来是想说你的iPhone在这里。”
The organizers hope that the cultural relics exhibition will enhance the understanding of local people on the history of Chinese culture, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,文物展能增进当地人民对中华文化历史的了解,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the cultural relics exhibition will enhance the understanding of local people on the history of Chinese culture, thus enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,文物展能增进当地人民对中华文化历史的了解,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the cultural relics exhibition will improve the understanding of local people on the history of Chinese culture, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,文物展能增进当地人民对中华文化历史的认识,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the cultural relics exhibition will promote the understanding of local people on the history of Chinese culture, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,文物展能增进当地人民对中华文化历史的了解,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the cultural relics exhibition will increase the understanding of local people on the history of Chinese culture, thereby enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,文物展能增进当地人民对中华文化历史的了解,增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
The organizers hope that the cultural relics exhibition will enhance the understanding of local people on the history of Chinese culture, further enhancing the mutual understanding and friendship between the two peoples.
组织者希望,文物展能增进当地人民对中华文化历史的了解,进一步增进两国人民之间的相互了解和友谊。
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到十月初.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until late October.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到十月底.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early August.
作为欧洲旅游的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到八月初.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Qing Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early October.
作为欧洲旅游的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 清代文物展览会 ” 将持续到十月初.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early September.
作为欧洲之旅的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到九月初.
As part of the European tour, Barcelona's " Ming Dynasty Heritage Exhibition " will continue until early November.
作为欧洲旅游的一部分,巴塞罗那的 “ 明朝传统展览会 ” 将持续到11月初.
According to the semi-annual report of the year 2016 released by Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank yesterday, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares in the second quarter.
根据华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)昨日发布的2016年半年期报告,中国证券金融有限公司(China Securities Finance Corporation Corporation,CSFC )将在第二季度再次收购其股票。
According to the semi-annual report of the year 2016 published by Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank yesterday, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares in the second quarter.
根据华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)昨日发布的2016年半年期报告,中国证券金融有限公司(China Securities Finance Corporation Corporation,CSFC )将在第二季度再次收购其股票。
According to the semi-annual report of the year 2016 released by Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank yesterday, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares in the third quarter.
根据华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)昨日发布的2016年半年期报告,中国证券金融有限公司(China Securities Finance Corporation Corporation,CSFC )将在第三季度再次收购其股票。
According to the semi-annual report of the year 2016 issued by Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank yesterday, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares in the second quarter.
根据华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)昨日发布的2016年半年期报告,中国证券金融有限公司(CSFC)将在第二季度再次收购其股票。
According to the semi-annual report of the year 2016 released by Faxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank yesterday, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares in the second quarter.
根据法西亚银行(Fasia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)昨日发布的2016年半年期报告,中国证券金融有限公司(China Securities Finance Corporation Corporation,CSFC )将在第二季度再次收购其股票。
According to the half-annual report of the year 2016 released by Huaxia Bank and Shanghai Pudong Development Bank yesterday, China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ( CSFC ) will once again buy their shares in the second quarter.
根据华夏银行(Huaxia Bank)和上海浦东发展银行(Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)昨日发布的2016年半年期报告,中国证券金融有限公司(CSFC)将在第二季度再次收购其股票。
Among them, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
其中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增加其华夏银行股份至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among them, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. At the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
其中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增加其华夏银行股份至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among these, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
其中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增加其华夏银行股份至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
Among them, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, increasing its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
其中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增加其华夏银行股份至3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%增至3.62%。
Between them, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank to 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
华夏银行在华夏银行的股权将增加29.931亿股,到6月底,华夏银行的股权将增加到3.87亿股,华夏银行的股权将从3.35%提高到3.62%。
Among them, CSFC will hold an additional 29. 2931 million shares of Huaxia Bank. By the end of June, CSFC will increase its shares of Huaxia Bank by 387 million shares, raising its shares of Huaxia Bank from 3. 35 % to 3. 62 %.
其中,华夏银行将再持有29.293亿股,到6月底,华夏银行将增持3.87亿股,华夏银行股份由3.35%升至3.62%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有上海浦东发展银行3800万股股份,并将股票上市至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank during the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估算,中投第二季度将再持有上海浦东发展银行3800万股股份,并将股价上调到近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank by the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
据中国招商证券估计,到第二季度,上海浦东发展银行(CSFC)将再持有上海浦东发展银行(Second Bank)3800万股,其股票将升至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to nearly 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有上海浦东发展银行3800万股股份,并将股票上市至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC will hold another 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank in the third quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第三季度将再持有上海浦东发展银行3800万股股份,其股票将升至近6亿股,占该银行股票的2.77%。
According to the estimates of China Merchants Securities, deducted from the shares, CSFC would hold another 38 million shares of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank in the second quarter and raise its shares to almost 600 million shares, which account for 2. 77 % of the bank shares.
根据从股票中扣除的招商证券(China Merchant Securities)的估计,中投第二季度将再持有上海浦东发展银行3800万股股份,并将股票上市至近6亿股,占该行股票的2.77%。
Recently, the Shizibang Lotus Park of Zhengfu Village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang Province, will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村石子邦莲花公园正式对村民和游客开放。
Recently, the Shizibang Lotus Park of Zhengfu Village, Pingxiang City, Zhejiang Province, will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省平祥市正福村石子邦莲花公园正式对村民和游客开放。
Recently, the Shizibang Lotus Park of Zhengfu Village, Dongxiang City, Zhejiang Province, will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
浙江省东乡市正福村石子邦莲花公园将正式对村民和游客开放。
Recently, the Sizibang Lotus Park of Zhengfu Village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang Province, will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省桐乡市正福村齐邦莲花公园正式对村民和游客开放。
Recently, the Dazibang Lotus Park of Zhengfu Village, Tongxiang City, Zhejiang Province, will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
浙江省桐乡市正福村的达尚莲花公园,将正式对村民和游客开放。
Recently, the Shizibang Lotus Park of Zhengfu Village, Fengxiang City, Zhejiang Province, will be open to villagers and tourists formally.
近日,浙江省风乡市正福村石子邦莲花公园正式对村民和游客开放。
Composed of more than 100 small circular ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus and water lilies, etc.
公园由100多个小圆形池塘组成,种植了300多种观赏莲花和水花等。
Composed of more than 100 small circular ponds, the park is planted with more than 500 varieties of ornamental lotus and water lilies, etc.
公园由100多个小圆形池塘组成,种植了500多种观赏莲花和水花等。
Composed of more than 100 small circular ponds, the park is planted with more than 200 varieties of ornamental lotus and water lilies, etc.
公园由100多个小圆形池塘组成,种植了200多个不同的观赏莲花和水花等。
Composed of more than 100 small circular ponds, the park is planted with more than 50 varieties of ornamental lotus and water lilies, etc.
公园由100多个小圆形池塘组成,种植了50多个不同的观赏莲花和水花等。
Composed of more than 100 small circular ponds, the park is planted with more than 100 varieties of ornamental lotus and water lilies, etc.
公园由100多个小圆形池塘组成,种植了100多个不同的观赏莲花和水花等。
Composed of more than 100 small circular ponds, the park is planted with more than 300 varieties of ornamental lotus and tiger lilies, etc.
公园由100多个小圆形池塘组成,种植了300多种观赏莲花和虎百合花等。
With ornamental value for leisure and economic benefits, its lotus industry has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
荷花产业具有观赏性的休闲和经济效益,已成为新农村发展的亮点。
Of ornamental value for leisure and economic benefits, its lotus industry has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
在观赏性对休闲和经济利益的价值方面,其莲花产业已成为新农村发展的亮点。
Besides ornamental value for leisure and economic benefits, its lotus industry has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
除了对休闲和经济利益的观赏价值外,其莲花业已成为新农村发展的亮点。
With ornamental value for leisure and economic benefits, its lotus industry has become the highlights for the creation of new villages.
荷花产业具有观赏性的休闲和经济效益,已成为新农村建设的亮点。
Its ornamental value for leisure and economic benefits, its lotus industry has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
其观赏性对休闲和经济利益的价值,其莲花业已成为新农村发展的亮点。
With its value for leisure and economic benefits, its lotus industry has become the highlights for the development of new villages.
由于其对休闲和经济利益的价值,其莲花产业已成为新农村发展的亮点。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件引起了人们的关注,因为其潜水池的水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games received much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件备受关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games attracted much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件引起了人们的极大关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games drew much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会“绿池”事件引起人们的关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games got much attention because its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件备受关注,因为其潜水池水由蓝色水变为绿色水。
According to foreign media reports, the " green pool " incident of Rio Olympic Games gained much attention when its diving pool water was changed from blue to green.
据外国媒体报道,里约奥运会的“绿池”事件在潜水池水由蓝色改为绿色时引起人们的关注。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the water polo match adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
然而,当月第10天早上,与水池毗邻的水球赛的水也变绿了。
However, on the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the water of the water polo match adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
然而,当月第10天的下午,紧靠水池的水球赛的水也变绿了。
However, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the water polo match adjacent to the water pool was turned green.
然而,当月第10天的早晨,紧靠水池的水球赛的水变成绿色了。
However, on the evening of the 10th day of the month, the water of the water polo match adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
然而,在月10日晚上,与水池毗邻的水球赛的水也变绿了。
Also, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the water polo match adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
另外,在月10日上午,与水池毗邻的水球赛的水也变绿了。
Later, on the morning of the 10th day of the month, the water of the water polo match adjacent to the water pool also turned green.
后来,在月10日上午,水球赛附近的水池的水也变绿了。
An Australian water polo contestant said that he felt tingling in eyes and would like to shed tears.
一位澳洲水球参赛选手说,他眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
An American water polo contestant said that he felt tingling in eyes and would like to shed tears.
一位美国水球选手说,他眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
An Indonesian water polo contestant said that he felt tingling in eyes and would like to shed tears.
一名印尼水球参赛选手说,他感到眼神刺痛,想流泪。
An Indian water polo contestant said that he felt tingling in eyes and would like to shed tears.
一位印度水球选手说,他感到眼神刺痛,想流泪。
An Italian water polo contestant said that he felt tingling in eyes and would like to shed tears.
一名意大利水球选手说,他眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
One Australian water polo contestant said that he felt tingling in eyes and would like to shed tears.
一位澳洲水球选手说,他眼睛感到刺痛,想流泪。
Previously, officials of the Rio Olympic Games confirmed the greening of water and said the water color was due to weaker alkalinity and will not affect the athlete's health.
此前,里约热内卢奥运会的官员证实了绿化水的情况,并称水的颜色是由于碱度较弱所致,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, officials of the Rio Olympic Games confirmed the greening of water and said the water color is due to weaker alkalinity and will not affect the athlete's health.
此前,里约热内卢奥运会的官员证实,水的绿化,并称水的颜色是因为碱度较弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, officials of the Rio Olympic Games confirmed the greening of water but said the water color was due to weaker alkalinity and will not affect the athlete's health.
此前,里约热内卢奥运会的官员证实,水绿化了,但是他们表示,水的颜色是因为碱度降低,不会影响运动员的健康。
However, officials of the Rio Olympic Games confirmed the greening of water and said the water color was due to weaker alkalinity and will not affect the athlete's health.
然而,里约奥运会的官员证实,水的绿化,并说水的颜色是因为碱度较弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Later, officials of the Rio Olympic Games confirmed the greening of water and said the water color was due to weaker alkalinity and will not affect the athlete's health.
之后,里约热内卢奥运会的官员证实,水绿化了,并说水的颜色是因为碱度较弱,不会影响运动员的健康。
Previously, officials of the Rio Olympic Games confirmed the greening of water and said the water color was due to weaker alkalinity and will not affect an athlete's health.
此前,里约热内卢奥运会的官员证实了绿化水的情况,并称水的颜色是由于碱度较弱所致,不会影响运动员的健康。
But according to an Australian athlete, after winning the games with its Japanese counterpart, he felt tingling in eyes and wanted to shed tears after the games.
但是,据一位澳大利亚运动员说,在和日本运动员赢了比赛后,他感到眼神刺痛,想在比赛后流泪。
However according to an Australian athlete, after winning the games with its Japanese counterpart, he felt tingling in eyes and wanted to shed tears after the games.
然而,据一位澳大利亚运动员说,在和日本选手赢得比赛后,他感到眼神刺痛,想在比赛后流泪。
But according to an Australian athlete, after winning the games with its Japanese counterpart, he felt tingling in eyes and wanted to shed tears during the games.
但是,据一位澳大利亚运动员说,在和日本运动员赢了比赛之后,他感到眼神刺痛,希望在比赛中流泪。
But according to an Australian athlete, after winning the games with its Japanese counterpart, he had tingling in eyes and wanted to shed tears after the games.
但是据一位澳大利亚运动员说,在和日本队的对手赢了这场比赛之后,他的眼睛有些刺痛,想要在比赛后流泪。
But according to an Australian athlete, after winning the games with its Japanese counterpart, he felt tingling in eyes and wanted to shed tears at the games.
但是据一位澳大利亚运动员说,在和日本队的对手赢了比赛之后,他的眼睛感到刺痛,并想在比赛中流泪。
But according to an Australian athlete, after winning the games with its Japanese counterpart, he felt tingling in eyes and wanted to shed tears before the games.
但是据一位澳大利亚运动员说,在和日本队的对手赢了这场比赛之后,他的眼睛感到刺痛,想在比赛前流泪。
When the water of diving pool turned green first, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems on the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool on the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水开始变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green first, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems on the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool in the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水开始变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green first, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems in the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool on the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水开始变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
As the water of diving pool turned green first, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems on the evening of the 9th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool on the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水开始变绿时,主办方在月9日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green first, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems on the evening of the 7th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool on the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水开始变绿时,主办方在月7日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
When the water of diving pool turned green first, the hosting party worked overtime to deal with the diving pool problems on the evening of the 8th day of the month and found the rapid change of water polo pool on the morning of the 10th day of the month.
当潜水池的水开始变绿时,主办方在月8日晚上加班处理潜水池的问题,发现水球池在月10日上午迅速变化。
During the competition period of the Australian and Japanese teams, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to restore the water quality of the two pools to their original on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个水池的水质。
During the competition period of the Australian and Japanese teams, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to restore the water quality of the two pools to their original by the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11日恢复这两个水池的水质。
During the competition period of the Australian and Japanese teams, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond gradually worsened, although the official stressed that they would manage to restore the water quality of the two pools to their original on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境条件逐渐恶化,尽管该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个水池的水质。
During the competition period of the Australian and Japanese teams, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond were worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to restore the water quality of the two pools to their original on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境状况恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个水池的水质。
During the competition period of the Australian and Japanese teams, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond had worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to restore the water quality of the two pools to their original on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境状况恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个水池的水质。
During the competition period of the Australian and Japanese teams, the environmental conditions of the water polo pond have worsened, but the official stressed that they would manage to restore the water quality of the two pools to their original on the 11th day of the month.
在澳大利亚队和日本队的比赛期间,水球池的环境状况恶化,但该官员强调,他们将设法在每月第11天恢复这两个水池的水质。
" The alkalinity of water in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon, " said Mario Andrada, the spokesman for the Rio Olympic Games.
里约热内卢奥运会发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水池里的碱性开始变弱了。”
" The alkalinity of water at the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon, " said Mario Andrada, the spokesman for the Rio Olympic Games.
里约热内卢奥运会发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水池里的碱性开始变弱了。”
" The alkalinity of water in the diving pool firstly turned weak after the yesterday afternoon, " said Mario Andrada, the spokesperson for the Rio Olympic Games.
里约热内卢奥运会发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水池里的碱性开始变弱了。”
" The alkalinity of water in the diving pool firstly turned weak during the yesterday afternoon, " said Mario Andrada, the spokesman for the Rio Olympic Games.
里约热内卢奥运会发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午,潜水池里的水碱性开始变弱了。”
" The alkalinity of water in the diving pool had turned weak after the yesterday afternoon, " said Mario Andrada, the spokesman for the Rio Olympic Games.
里约热内卢奥运会发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午过后,水池里的碱性已经变弱了。”
" The alkalinity of water in the diving pool firstly turned weak in the yesterday afternoon, " said Mario Andrada, the spokesman for the Rio Olympic Games.
里约热内卢奥运会的发言人马里奥·安德拉达说:“昨天下午,潜水池里的水碱性开始变弱了。”
" We learned about a series of causes that may trigger the discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到一系列可能引发水变色并导致水质碱性的成因。
" We learned about a series of causes that may trigger the discoloration of water or result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到一系列可能引发水变色或导致水质碱性的原因。
" I learned about a series of causes that may trigger the discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我了解到一系列可能引发水变色和导致水质碱性的原因。
" He learned about a series of causes that may trigger the discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
他了解到一系列可能引发水变色的原因,并导致水质的碱性。
" We learned about a series of causes which may trigger the discoloration of water and result in the alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到一系列可能引发水变色并导致水质碱性的成因。
" We learned about a series of causes that may trigger the discoloration of water and result in an alkalinity of water quality. "
我们了解到一系列可能引发水变色并导致水质碱性的成因。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and thousands of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数千名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality met criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine if the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
The water sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and dozens of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
水上运动中心进行了一系列水质测试,数十名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
The local sports center conducted a series of tests on water quality, and hundreds of divers and swimmers used the swimming pool to determine whether the water quality meets criteria. "
当地的体育中心进行了一系列水质测试,数百名潜水员和游泳运动员利用泳池来确定水质是否符合标准。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近日,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but we might have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
近日,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, though we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
虽然我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响,但最近我们一直遵循常规。
" We have been following the usual procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
这几天,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following our normal procedure these days, but we may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
这几天,我们一直遵循常规,但是我们可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" We have been following the normal procedure these days, but I may have overlooked the impact of more athletes on water quality. "
这几天,我们一直遵循常规,但我可能忽视了更多运动员对水质的影响。
" But the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然对降没有影响,特别是对运动员来说. ”
" And the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 水色的变化当然对降没有影响, 特别是运动员. ”
"... the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 水色的变化当然不会影响身体健康, 特别是运动员的健康. ”
" But the change in water color certainly has no effect on health, particularly for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然对降没有影响,特别是对运动员来说. ”
" But the change in water color certainly has no impact on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然不会影响降, 尤其是运动员的健康. ”
" But the change in water color certainly had no effect on health, especially for athletes. "
“ 但是水色的变化当然对降没有影响, 尤其是运动员的健康. ”
" This independent team confirms our assessment and also acknowledged the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,也肯定了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态而采取的措施。
" An independent team confirms our assessment and also acknowledged the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
一个独立小组证实了我们的评估,也肯定了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态而采取的措施。
" Our independent team confirms our assessment and also acknowledged the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
我们的独立团队证实了我们的评估,也肯定了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和化学状态而采取的措施。
" The independent team confirms our assessment and also acknowledged the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
独立小组确认我们的评估,并承认我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态所采取的措施。
" This independent team confirms our assessment and also acknowledged the steps we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,也肯定了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态而采取的步骤。
" This independent team confirmed our assessment and also acknowledged the measures we have taken to restore the normal color and normal chemical status of the pool. "
这个独立小组证实了我们的评估,也肯定了我们为恢复泳池的正常颜色和正常化学状态而采取的措施。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain. "
我们原本希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度受到雨的影响。
" We had hoped that the pool might return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain. "
我们原本希望池塘在早晨会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度却受到雨的影响。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color by the morning, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain. "
我们原本希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度受到雨的影响。
" I had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery was affected by the rain. "
我希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度受到雨的影响。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but the speed of recovery is affected by the rain. "
我们原本希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是恢复的速度会受到雨水的影响。
" We had hoped that the pool would return to normal color in the morning, but its speed of recovery was affected by the rain. "
我们原本希望池子早上会恢复到正常的颜色,但是它的恢复速度受到雨的影响。
According to Taiwan's " Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the deaths of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injuries of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including three Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括3名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area had a bombing event, resulting in the death of 10 prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生爆炸,造成10名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to Taiwan's " Central News Agency ", one jail in the suburb of the Manila area saw a bombing event, resulting in the death of six prisoners, including two Chinese, and the injury of the warden.
据台湾的《中央新闻社》报道,马尼拉地区郊区的一所监狱发生了一起爆炸事件,造成六名囚犯死亡,其中包括两名中国人,典狱长受伤。
According to the ABS-CBN television station, the event occurred at a Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 a. m. today.
据ABS-CBN电视台称,该事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television station, the event occurred at a Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 1 a. m. today.
据ABS-CBN电视台称,该事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨1点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television station, the event occurred at a Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 4 a. m. today.
据ABS-CBN电视台称,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨4点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television station, the event occurred at a Paranaque prison around 7 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 2 a. m. today.
据ABS-CBN电视台称,该事件发生在昨晚7点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨2点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television station, the event occurred at a Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 3 a. m. today.
据ABS-CBN电视台称,事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天凌晨3点才作出初步陈述。
According to the ABS-CBN television station, the event occurred at a Paranaque prison around 9 o'clock last night, but the police did not make a preliminary statement until 6 a. m. today.
据ABS-CBN电视台称,该事件发生在昨晚9点左右的帕拉纳克监狱,但警察直到今天早晨6点才作出初步陈述。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides disagreed to each other. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对移交监狱事务提出投诉,但双方意见不一,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹,造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides disagreed to each other. One prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对移交监狱事务提出投诉,但双方意见不一,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹,造成爆炸。
The police stated that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides disagreed to each other. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对移交监狱事务提出投诉,但双方意见不一,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹,造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides disagreed to each other. The prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,有10名囚犯要求见监狱长,对移交监狱事务提出投诉,但双方意见不一,他们投掷手榴弹并造成爆炸。
The police said that 10 prisoners went to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides disagreed to each other. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
警方说,10名囚犯去见监狱长,抱怨监狱事务移交,但双方意见不一,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹,造成爆炸。
The report said that 10 prisoners asked to see the warden and complained about the transfer of prison matters, but the two sides disagreed to each other. A prisoner threw grenades and caused an explosion.
报告说,有10名囚犯要求见典狱长,对移交监狱事务提出抱怨,但双方意见不一,一名囚犯投掷手榴弹,造成爆炸。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未公布死囚名单,但据GMA电视台报道,有两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the identities of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未公布死亡囚犯的身份,但据GMA电视台称,有两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA TV station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未公布死囚名单,但据GMA电视台报道,有两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the identity of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死亡囚犯的身份,但据GMA电视台称,有两名中国人。
The jail has not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, although according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
虽然根据GMA电视台的报道,有两名中国人,但监狱尚未公布死亡囚犯的姓名。
The jail had not yet announced the names of the dead prisoners, but according to the GMA television station, there were two Chinese.
监狱尚未宣布死亡囚犯的姓名,但据GMA电视台称,有两名中国人。
As of 8 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午8时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
As of 9 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午9时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
As of 4 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至凌晨4点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
As of 6 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午6时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
As of 7 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至上午7时,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
As of 5 a. m., the prison authorities have not yet made a detailed statement, including how the prisoners get grenades.
截至凌晨5点,监狱当局尚未作出详细陈述,包括说明囚犯是如何获得手榴弹的。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a prisoner who " attempted to assault the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名“企图袭击警察”的囚犯。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing a prisoner who " tried to assault the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名“试图袭击警察”的囚犯。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police stormed the prison of Leyte area, killing a prisoner who " attempted to assault the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察突袭了莱特地区的监狱,打死了一名“企图袭击警察”的囚犯。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, shooting a prisoner who " attempted to assault the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,枪杀了一名“企图袭击警察”的囚犯。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police entered the prison of Leyte area, killing one prisoner who " attempted to assault the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察进入莱特地区的监狱,杀害了一名“企图袭击警察”的囚犯。
Yesterday, the central Philippine police attacked the prison of Leyte area, killing a prisoner who " attempted to assault the police ".
昨天,菲律宾中央警察袭击了莱特地区的监狱,打死了一名 “ 企图袭击警察 ” 的囚犯.
Urumqi Normalizes Operating Order of Independent Traveler Tourism Market and Says that Travel Agencies Must Sign Contracts with Tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了独立旅游市场经营秩序,指出旅行社必须与旅游者签订合同
Urumqi Normalizes Operating Order of Independent Traveler Tourism Market and Says that Tourism Agencies Must Sign Contracts with Tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了独立旅游市场经营秩序,指出旅游代理商必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi Normalizes Operating Order of Independent Traveler Tourism Market and Says that Travel Agencies Should Sign Contracts with Tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了独立旅游市场经营秩序,指出旅行社应与旅游者签订合同
Urumqi Normalizes Operating Order of Independent Traveler Tourism Market and Says that Travel Agencies Must Sign Contracts With Tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了独立旅游市场经营秩序,指出旅行社必须与游客签订合同
Urumqi Normalizes Operating Order of Independent Traveler Tourism Market and Says that Travel Agencies must Sign Contracts with Tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了独立旅游市场经营秩序,并规定旅行社必须与旅游者签订合同
Urumqi Normalizes Operating Order of Independent Traveler Tourism Market and Says that Travel Agencies should Sign Contracts with Tourists
乌鲁木齐规范了独立旅游市场经营秩序,并规定旅行社应与旅游者签订合同
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi transportation authority yesterday to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐交通主管部门执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅游车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Recently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi transportation authority yesterday to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
近日,新疆进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐交通主管部门执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅游车辆,以及旅游代理商与旅游者之间签合同率低的问题。
However, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi transportation authority yesterday to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
然而,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐交通主管部门执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅游车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签合同率低的问题。
Currently, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi transportation authority yesterday to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourist FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
目前,新疆已进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐交通主管部门执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅行车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Today, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi transportation authority yesterday to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
今天,新疆进入了旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐交通主管部门执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅游车辆,以及旅行社与旅游者之间签定的合同少的问题。
Moreover, Xinjiang has entered peak tourist season. In order to regulate the management order of tourism FIT market, Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment worked with the law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi transportation authority yesterday to investigate and deal with the non-normative travel vehicles existent in the tourism FIT market, and the low contract signing between the travel agency and tourists.
新疆进入旅游旺季,为了规范旅游FIT市场的管理秩序,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队昨日与乌鲁木齐交通主管部门执法分遣队合作,调查并处理旅游FIT市场存在的非规范旅游车辆,以及旅游代理商与旅游者之间签合同率低的问题。
At 8 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly used by individual group that went for Tianchi for one-day tour.
昨天早上8点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆大多是前往天池旅行一天的个别人群使用的。
At 11 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly used by individual group that went for Tianchi for one-day tour.
昨天上午11点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在Kempinski饭店附近,这些车辆大多是前往天池旅行一天的个别人群使用的。
At 9 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly used by individual group that went for Tianchi for one-day tour.
昨天早上9点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆大多是前往天池旅行一天的个别人群使用的。
At 7 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly used by individual group that went for Tianchi for one-day tour.
昨天早上7点左右,有10辆大客车载满游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆大多是前往天池旅行一天的个别人群使用的。
At 6 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly used by individual group that went for Tianchi for one-day tour.
昨天早上6点左右,有10辆大巴载满游客,停在肯宾斯基饭店附近,这些车辆大多是前往天池旅行一天的个别人群使用的。
At 4 O'clock of yesterday morning, around 10 buses packed with tourists parked around the Kempinski Hotel. These vehicles are mostly used by individual group that went for Tianchi for one-day tour.
昨日上午四点左右,有十辆大客车载满游客,停在肯宾斯基酒店附近。这些车辆大部分是前往天池观光一天的个别车组使用的。
" Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign a contract with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了合同 吗? ”
" Yes, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign a contract with the travel agency ? "
“ 是的, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了合同 吗? ”
" Sir, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign a contract with the travel agency ? "
“ 先生, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了合同 吗? ”
" No, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Did you sign a contract with the travel agency ? "
“ 不, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了合同 吗? ”
" Hello, I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau. Will you sign a contract with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的. 你愿意和旅行社签个合同 吗? ”
" Hello, I am from the Urumqi Regional Tourism Bureau. Did you sign a contract with the travel agency ? "
“ 你好, 我是乌鲁木齐地区旅游局的. 你和旅行社签了合同 吗? ”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于斌解释说,“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通项目,但他们没有资格。”
Liu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员刘斌解释说:“外国客车和客车线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游运输工程,但他们没有资格。”
Li Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员李斌解释说:“外国客车和客车线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游运输工程,但他们没有资格。”
Zhang Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi Transportation Authority explained, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队工作人员张斌解释说:“外国客车和客车线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游运输工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi Transportation Authority said, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员余斌说,“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通工程,但他们没有资格。”
Yu Bin, the working staff of law enforcement detachment of the Urumqi Transportation Authority stated, " The foreign tourist bus and bus line worked on tourist transport project in Urumqi market, but they did not have qualification. "
乌鲁木齐运输局执法分遣队的工作人员于斌说,“外国旅游巴士和巴士线路在乌鲁木齐市场从事旅游交通项目,但他们没有资格”。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 50, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处五万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以二千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 80, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处8万元以上10万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以2千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 10, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 2, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处1000元以上10万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机处以2000元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 5, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款,无资质证书的,由司机支付五千元以下的罚款。
" A fine of 30, 000 to 100, 000 yuan will be imposed for operation beyond scope. The driver who did not have a qualification certificate will pay RMB 10, 000 for fine. "
经营范围外的,处三万元以上十万元以下的罚款。没有资格证书的,由司机支付一万元以下的罚款。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅行者集中的地方进行了调查。
It was reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅行者集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment had investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅行者集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi Metropolitan Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment has investigated the places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队对包括西公园和红山在内的独立旅行者集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment has investigated several places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队对包括西公园和红山在内的几处独立旅行者集中的地方进行了调查。
It is reported that the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment has investigated various places including West Park and Hongshan where the independent travelers are centralized.
据报道,乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队对包括西公园和红山在内的各地进行了调查。
After analyzing the two inspections, Ma Qi, the deputy head of the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment, said that, " Safety first, standardization second. There is no trifle on the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐分析后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,交通车辆上没有小事,一旦出现任何问题,都会发生伤亡。
After reviewing the two inspections, Ma Qi, the deputy head of the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment, said that, " Safety first, standardization second. There is no trifle on the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐在检讨后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,车辆上没有小事。若有任何问题,车辆会成群受伤或死亡。”
After comparing the two inspections, Ma Qi, the deputy head of the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment, said that, " Safety first, standardization second. There is no trifle on the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐在比较两组检查后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,车辆上没有小事,遇有问题,会集体伤亡。”
While analyzing the two inspections, Ma Qi, the deputy head of the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment, said that, " Safety first, standardization second. There is no trifle on the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐在分析两处检查时表示,“安全第一,规范第二,车辆上没有小事,一旦出现任何问题,都会有人受伤或死亡。”
After observing the two inspections, Ma Qi, the deputy head of the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment, said that, " Safety first, standardization second. There is no trifle on the travel vehicles. And people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐观察了两处检查情况,他说,“安全第一,规范第二,旅行车辆上没有小事。如果发生任何问题,都会有人受伤或被群殴。”
After analyzing the two inspections, Ma Qi, the deputy head of the Urumqi City Tourism Law Enforcement Detachment, said that, " Safety first, standardization second. There is no trifle on the travel vehicles. Many people will be injured and killed in groups in case of any questions. "
乌鲁木齐市旅游执法分遣队副队长马齐分析后表示,“安全第一,规范第二,交通车辆上没有小事。如有问题,许多人会集体受伤或死亡。”
" We have worked with the transportation authority to launch continuous inspections on the market to normalize the car use behaviors of travel agencies to ensure the safety of tourists. "
我们与交通主管部门合作,对市场进行持续检查,以使旅行社的汽车使用行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" I have worked with the transportation authority to launch continuous inspections on the market to normalize the car use behaviors of travel agencies to ensure the safety of tourists. "
我与交通主管部门合作,对市场进行持续检查,以使旅行社的汽车使用行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" They have worked with the transportation authority to launch continuous inspections on the market to normalize the car use behaviors of travel agencies to ensure the safety of tourists. "
他们与运输部门合作,对市场进行持续检查,以使旅行社的汽车使用行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" We have worked with the transportation authority to launch continuous inspections in the market to normalize the car use behaviors of travel agencies to ensure the safety of tourists. "
我们与交通主管部门合作,对市场进行持续检查,以使旅行社的汽车使用行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" We have worked with the transportation authority to launch regular inspections on the market to normalize the car use behaviors of travel agencies to ensure the safety of tourists. "
我们与交通主管部门合作,对市场进行定期检查,以使旅行社的汽车使用行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
" We have worked with the transportation authority to launch continuous inspections on the market to normalize the car use behaviors of travel agencies and ensure the safety of tourists. "
我们与交通主管部门合作,对市场进行持续检查,以使旅行社的汽车使用行为正常化,确保旅游者的安全。
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室举行国民经济运行新闻发布会。
In the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
国务院新闻办公室于8月12日上午于2016年7月举行了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in June 2016.
8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室举行国民经济运行新闻发布会。
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference about the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室举行了关于国民经济运行情况的新闻发布会。
On the afternoon of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in July 2016.
国务院新闻办公室于8月12日下午于2016年7月举行了国民经济运行新闻发布会。
On the morning of August 12, the State Council Information Office held a press conference on the operation of the national economy in April 2016.
8月12日上午,国务院新闻办公室举行国民经济运行新闻发布会。
Sheng Laiyun, spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics and head of the National Economic Statistics Division, said that, in July, some of indexes of the national economy slowed relatively but were still in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长沈莱云表示,7月份,国民经济的一些指标相对放缓,但仍然处于合理范围之内。
Deng Laiyun, spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics and head of the National Economic Statistics Division, said that, in July, some of indexes of the national economy slowed relatively but were still in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计处处长邓莱云表示,7月份,国民经济的一些指标相对放缓,但仍然处于合理范围之内。
Zeng Laiyun, spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics and head of the National Economic Statistics Division, said that, in July, some of indexes of the national economy slowed relatively but were still in the reasonable range.
国家 统计 局 发言人 、 国家 经济 统计 司司长 曾莱云 说, 7月, 国民经济 的 一些 指数 相对 放慢, 但 仍然 处于 合理 的 范围 。
Meng Laiyun, spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics and head of the National Economic Statistics Division, said that, in July, some of indexes of the national economy slowed relatively but were still in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长孟莱云表示,7月份,国民经济的一些指标相对放缓,但仍然处于合理范围之内。
Geng Laiyun, spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics and head of the National Economic Statistics Division, said that, in July, some of indexes of the national economy slowed relatively but were still in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长成莱云说,7月份,国民经济的一些指数相对放缓,但仍然处于合理范围之内。
Peng Laiyun, spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics and head of the National Economic Statistics Division, said that, in July, some of indexes of the national economy slowed relatively but were still in the reasonable range.
国家统计局发言人、国家经济统计司司长彭莱云表示,7月份,国民经济的一些指标相对放缓,但仍然处于合理范围之内。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July came down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据下降。
According to the statistics of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July came down.
根据国家统计局的统计,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据均下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, net imports and other data in July came down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、净进口和其他数据下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July went down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据均有所下降。
According to the results of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July came down.
根据国家统计局的结果,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据下降。
According to the data of National Bureau of Statistics, the fixed asset investment growth, total imports and other data in July was down.
根据国家统计局的数据,7月份固定资产投资增长、进口总额和其他数据均有所下降。
As for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of the Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ", said Sheng Laiyun. This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是多变的,潜力还是好的”,沈莱云说,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
As for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of the Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ", said Sheng Laiyun. That is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是多变的,潜力还是好的”,沈莱云说,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
As for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of the Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ", said Sheng Laiyun. It is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是多变的,潜力还是好的”,沈莱云说,它是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
As for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of the Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ", said Sheng Laiyun. There is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势是多变的,潜力还是好的”,沈莱云说,有更好的方法总结七月的经济运行特点。
As for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of the Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ", said Zeng Laiyun. This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势多变,潜力还是好的”,曾莱云说,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
As for the national economy in July, I would like to use the words of the Premier, " the shape is volatile and the potential is still good ", said Deng Laiyun. This is a better way to summarize the characteristics of the economic operation in July.
至于七月的国民经济,我想用总理的话来说,“形势多变,潜力还是好的”,邓莱云说,这是总结七月经济运行特点的好方法。
He explained that " the shape is volatile " refers to the fall of growth rate of some economic indicators in July.
他解释说,“形势动荡”是指7月份一些经济指标的增长率下降。
He stated that " the shape is volatile " refers to the fall of growth rate of some economic indicators in July.
他说,“形势动荡”是指7月份一些经济指标的增长率下降。
He explained that " the shape is volatile " refers to the fall of growth rate of some economic indicators during July.
他解释说,“形势动荡”是指7月份一些经济指标的增长率下降。
He said that " the shape is volatile " refers to the fall of growth rate of some economic indicators in July.
他说,“形势动荡”是指7月份一些经济指标的增长率下降。
He added that " the shape is volatile " refers to the fall of growth rate of some economic indicators in July.
他补充道,“形势动荡”是指7月份一些经济指标的增长率下降。
They explained that " the shape is volatile " refers to the fall of growth rate of some economic indicators in July.
他们解释说,“形势动荡”是指7月份一些经济指标的增长率下降。
In July, as the domestic and international economy still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and ever changing and the world economic recovery failed to meet expectations, the export pressure remained heavy.
7月,由于国内和国际经济仍在深度调整中,国际形势复杂而不断变化的,世界经济的复苏未能达到预期,出口压力仍然沉重。
By July, as the domestic and international economy still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and ever changing and the world economic recovery failed to meet expectations, the export pressure remained heavy.
到 7月, 由于 国内 和 国际 经济 仍在 深入 调整 中, 国际 局势 十分 复杂, 不断 变化, 世界 经济复苏 未能 达到 人们 的 期望, 出口 压力 仍然 沉重 。
In July, as the domestic and international economy still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and ever changing and the world economic recovery fails to meet expectations, the export pressure remained heavy.
7月,由于国内和国际经济仍在深度调整中,国际形势复杂而不断变化,世界经济的复苏未能达到预期,出口压力仍然沉重。
In July, as the national and international economy still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and ever changing and the world economic recovery failed to meet expectations, the export pressure remained heavy.
7月,由于国内和国际经济仍在深度调整中,国际形势复杂而不断变化的,世界经济的复苏未能达到预期,出口压力仍然沉重。
In July, as the domestic and international economy still in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and ever changing and the world economic recovery failed to meet expectations, the export pressure remains heavy.
7月,由于国内和国际经济仍在深度调整中,国际形势复杂而不断变化,世界经济的复苏未能达到预期,出口压力仍然沉重。
In July, as the domestic and international economy was in the deep adjustment, the international situation is complex and ever changing and the world economic recovery failed to meet expectations, the export pressure remained heavy.
7月, 由于 国内 和 国际 经济 正在 深入 调整, 国际 局势 十分 复杂, 不断 变化, 世界 经济复苏 未能 达到 期望, 出口 压力 仍然 沉重 。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage and is suffering pains of adjustment and the economy is under great downward pressure, some indicators were still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整体经济仍处于关键阶段,正遭受调整的苦痛,经济正面临巨大的下行压力,一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still at the critical stage and is suffering pains of adjustment and the economy is under great downward pressure, some indicators were still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整体经济仍处于关键阶段,正遭受调整的苦痛,经济正面临巨大的下行压力,一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage and is suffering pains of adjustment and the economy was under great downward pressure, some indicators were still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整体经济仍处于关键阶段,正遭受调整的苦痛,经济正面临巨大的下行压力,一些指标仍在波动。
As to the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage and is suffering pains of adjustment and the economy is under great downward pressure, some indicators were still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整体经济仍处于关键阶段,正遭受调整的苦痛,经济正面临巨大的下行压力,一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still in the critical stage and is suffering pains of adjustment and the economy is under severe downward pressure, some indicators were still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整体经济仍处于关键阶段,正遭受调整的苦痛,经济正面临严重下行压力,一些指标仍在波动。
As for the domestic situation, the whole economy is still on the critical stage and is suffering pains of adjustment and the economy is under great downward pressure, some indicators were still fluctuating.
至于国内形势,整体经济仍处于关键阶段,正遭受调整的苦痛,经济正面临巨大的下行压力,一些指标仍在波动。
There was a special case in July, when serious floods, high temperature and hot weather brought some impact on the production and operation of some areas, according to Sheng Laiyun.
上莱云说,7月份发生了一起特例,当时严重的洪水、高温和炎热的气候对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
There was a special case in July, when serious floods, low temperature and hot weather brought some impact on the production and operation of some areas, according to Sheng Laiyun.
上莱云说,7月份发生了一起特例,当时严重的洪水、低温和炎热的气候对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
There was a special case in July, when serious floods, high temperature and hot weather had some impact on the production and operation of some areas, according to Sheng Laiyun.
上莱云说,7月份发生了一起特例,当时严重的洪水、高温和炎热的气候对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
There was a special case in July, when serious floods, high temperature and hot weather brought some impact on the production and operation of some areas, according to Deng Laiyun.
据邓莱云说,7月份发生了一起特例,当时严重的洪水、高温和炎热的气候对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
There was a special case in July, when serious floods, extreme temperature and hot weather brought some impact on the production and operation of some areas, according to Sheng Laiyun.
上莱云说,7月份发生了一起特例,当时严重的洪水、极端的气温和炎热的气候对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
There was a special case in July, when heavy floods, high temperature and hot weather brought some impact on the production and operation of some areas, according to Sheng Laiyun.
上莱云说,7月份发生了一起特例,当时洪水、高温和炎热的气候对一些地区的生产和经营产生了一定影响。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than RMB 200 billion.
根据民政部的近期报告,受灾人口超过6000万人,直接经济损失超过2000亿元人民币。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people are affected, with direct economic losses of more than RMB 200 billion.
根据民政部最近的报告,6000多万人受到影响,直接经济损失超过2000亿元人民币。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, suffering direct economic losses of more than RMB 200 billion.
根据民政部的近期报告,有6000多万人受灾,直接经济损失超过2000亿元人民币。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, causing direct economic losses of more than RMB 200 billion.
根据民政部的近期报告,6000多万人受灾,直接经济损失超过2000亿元人民币。
According to the recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic loss of more than RMB 200 billion.
根据民政部的近期报告,受灾人口超过6000万人,直接经济损失超过2000亿元人民币。
According to a recent report of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, more than 60 million people were affected, with direct economic losses of more than RMB 200 billion.
根据民政部最近的一份报告,6000多万人受到影响,直接经济损失超过2000亿元人民币。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
From a view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
In the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to varying degrees.
在工业、投资和运输相关指标方面,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected to various degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas are affected in varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
From the view of industrial, investment and transport-related indicators, these areas were affected to varying degrees.
从工业、投资和运输相关指标的角度来看,这些领域受到不同程度的影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell 3. 6 percentages month on month and floods in these areas had a certain impact on traffic.
7月货运周转率每月下降3.6个百分点,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell 2. 6 percentages month on month and floods in these areas had a certain impact on traffic.
7月的货运周转率每月下降2.6个百分点,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell 1. 6 percentages month on month and floods in these areas had a certain impact on traffic.
7月的货运周转率每月下降1. 6%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell 3. 7 percentages month on month and floods in these areas had a certain impact on traffic.
7月的货运周转率每月下降3.7%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell 3. 4 percentages month on month and floods in these areas had a certain impact on traffic.
7月货运周转率每月下降3.4%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
The cargo turnover growth rate in July fell 3. 3 percentages month on month and floods in these areas had a certain impact on traffic.
7月的货运周转率每月下降3.3%,这些地区的洪水对交通有一定影响。
In view of these factors, it is quite normal and predictable to have some fluctuations in some indicators in July.
鉴于这些因素,7月份某些指标出现一些波动是相当正常和可预测的。
In spite of these factors, it is quite normal and predictable to have some fluctuations in some indicators in July.
尽管 存在 这些 因素, 7月 有些 指标 出现 一些 波动 是 相当 正常 和 可以 预测 的 。
In view of these factors, it is quite normal and predictable to have some fluctuation in some indicators in July.
鉴于这些因素,7月份某些指标出现一些波动是相当正常和可预测的。
In view of these factors, it is quite normal and predictable to have large fluctuations in some indicators in July.
鉴于这些因素,7月份某些指标出现大幅波动是相当正常和可预测的。
In view of these factors, it is quite normal and predictable to have significant fluctuations in some indicators in July.
鉴于这些因素,7月份某些指标出现重大波动是相当正常和可预测的。
In view of these factors, it is quite normal and predictable to have some fluctuations in some indicators during July.
鉴于这些因素,7月份某些指标出现一些波动是相当正常和可预测的。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He stated, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现了反弹,但总体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头没有改变。
He added, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他补充道,“潜力还不错”,意味着尽管经济增长出现回落,整体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头并未改变。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance remains stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现了反弹,但整体经济表现依然稳定稳定,良好势头并未改变。
He said, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. So the good momentum has not changed.
他说,“潜力仍然很好”意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,整体经济表现稳定稳定,因此良好势头并未改变。
He wrote, " The potential is still good " means that despite the fallback of economic growth, the overall economic performance is stable and steady. And the good momentum has not changed.
他写道,“潜力还不错”,这意味着尽管经济增长出现反弹,整体经济表现稳定稳定,良好势头并未改变。
In July, the CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, The CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation was stable.
7月CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,1月至7月,CPI上涨2.1%,物价总体稳定。
In December, the CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, The CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation was stable.
12月CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,1月至7月,CPI上涨2.1%,物价总体稳定。
In February, the CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, The CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation was stable.
今年2月,CPI上涨了1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,从1月到7月,CPI上涨了2.1%,因此总体物价稳定。
In November, the CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, The CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation was stable.
11月CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,1月至7月,CPI上涨2.1%,物价总体稳定。
In January, the CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, The CPI rose by 2. 1 %, so the overall price situation was stable.
今年1月,CPI上涨了1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,从1月至7月,CPI上涨了2.1%,因此总体物价稳定。
In July, the CPI rose by 1. 8 %, with a month-on-month rise of 0. 2 %. From January to July, The CPI rose by 3. 1 %, so the overall price situation was stable.
7月CPI上涨1.8%,每月上涨0.2%,1月至7月,CPI上涨3.1%,物价总体稳定。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, people in the rest of the city can receive different amounts of high temperature subsidy.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区人民还可以领取不同数量的高温补贴。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, people in the rest of the city may receive different amounts of high temperature subsidy.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区人民还可以领取不同数量的高温补贴。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, people in the rest of the city will receive different amounts of high temperature subsidy.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气的统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区的人们还将得到不同数量的高温补贴。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, people in the rest of the city can receive different amounts of high temperature subsidies.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区人民还可以享受不同数量的高温补贴。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties by the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, people in the rest of the city also receive different amounts of high temperature subsidy.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站对各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区人民还领取不同数量的高温补贴。
According to the statistics of hot weather in the districts and counties on the portal of the Chongqing Municipal Bureau of Meteorology, in addition to Youyang, people in the rest of the city can receive different amounts of high temperature subsidy.
根据重庆市气象局门户网站上各区、县的热天气统计,除优阳外,城市其它地区人民还可以领取不同数量的高温补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standards of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance according to the standard of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国已有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民按照高温工作日标准享受补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces throughout the country have clearly defined the standards of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance according to the standard of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国已有28个省对补贴标准作出明确规定,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民享受高温工作日标准规定的补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standards of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing pay the allowance according to the standard of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国至少有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民按照高温工作日标准支付补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standards of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and residents in Chongqing receive the allowance according to the standard of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国已有28个省对补贴标准作出明确规定,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆居民按高温工作日标准领取补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces in the country have clearly defined the standards of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and workers in Chongqing receive the allowance according to the standard of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国已有28个省明确规定了补贴标准,但省、市发放的标准不同,重庆职工按高温工作日标准领取补贴。
At present, at least 28 provinces across the country have clearly defined the standards of the allowance, but the standards issued by provinces and municipalities are not the same, and people in Chongqing receive the allowance according to the standard of high-temperature working days.
目前,全国已有28个省对补贴标准作出明确规定,但省市发放的标准不同,重庆人民享受高温工作日标准规定的补贴。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 37 [UNK], people can receive allowances of no less than 15 yuan per day.
如温度在35至37[香港]之间,人们可获得不低于10元的每日津贴。如温度超过37[香港],人们可获得不低于15元的每日津贴。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 37 [UNK], people can receive allowances of no less than 20 yuan per day.
如温度在35至37[香港]之间,人们每天可获得不少于10元的零用钱。如温度超过37[香港],人们每天可获得不低于20元的零用钱。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 5 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 37 [UNK], people can receive allowances of no less than 15 yuan per day.
如温度在35至37[香港]之间,人们可获得不低于5元的每日津贴。如温度超过37[香港],人们可获得不低于15元的每日津贴。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 20 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 37 [UNK], people can receive allowances of no less than 15 yuan per day.
如温度在35至37[香港]之间,人们每天可获得不低于20元的零用钱。如温度超过37[香港],人们每天可获得不低于15元的零用钱。
In case of temperature between 30 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 37 [UNK], people can receive allowances of no less than 15 yuan per day.
如温度在30至37[香港]之间,人们每天可获得不少于10元的零用钱。如温度超过37[香港],人们每天可获得不低于15元的零用钱。
In case of temperature between 35 and 37 [UNK], people can receive allowance of no less than 10 yuan per day. In case of temperature above 35 [UNK], people can receive allowances of no less than 15 yuan per day.
如温度在35至37[香港]之间,人们每天可获得不少于10元的零用钱。如温度超过35[香港],人们每天可获得不低于15元的零用钱。
In case of temperature above 40 [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度超过40[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above 40 [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 50 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度超过40[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高50元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In cases of temperature above 40 [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度超过40[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above 10 [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度超过10°C[UNK],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above 40 [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the low temperature job allowance ).
如果温度超过40[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受低温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In case of temperature above 100 [UNK], staff working in high temperature can receive up to 20 yuan per day of allowance ( but for laborers who enjoy the high temperature job allowance ).
如果温度超过100[香港],高温工作者每天可获得最高20元的补贴(但享受高温工作补贴的劳动者除外)。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the largest number of high temperature days can receive 330 yuan last month. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And because the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温日数最多的开州,上个月可以收到330元人民币,在高温日数最少的成口,可以收到80元人民币。
In line with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the largest number of high temperature days can receive 330 yuan last month. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And because the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温日数最多的开州,上个月可以收到330元人民币,在高温日数最少的成口,可以收到80元人民币。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the largest number of high temperature days can receive 330 yuan last month. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature will receive 80 yuan. And because the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温日数最多的开州,上个月可以收到330元人民币,在高温日数最少的成口,可以收到80元人民币。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the largest number of high temperature days can receive 330 yuan last month. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 300 yuan. And because the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温日数最多的开州,上个月可以收到330元人民币,在高温日数最少的成口,可以收到300元人民币。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the largest number of high temperature days can receive 120 yuan last month. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And because the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温日数最多的开州,人们上月可以收到120元人民币,在高温日数最少的成口,人们可以收到80元人民币。
In accordance with this standard, people in Kaizhou which has the largest number of high temperature days can receive 150 yuan last month. And people in Chengkou with the least days of high temperature can receive 80 yuan. And because the maximum temperature of Youyang did not meet the high temperature standards, there is no high temperature allowance.
按照这一标准,在高温日数最多的开州,人们上月可以收到150元人民币,在高温日数最少的成口,人们可以收到80元人民币。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior did not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. A city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In the past, many companies adopt cool drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that such behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为,这种做法不符合现行规定。
In the past, many companies adopt cold drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用冷饮作为高温允许。城市安全监督局认为冷饮行为不符合现行规定。
In the past, many companies adopt hot drinks as high temperature allowance. The city safety supervision bureau deemed that this behavior does not meet the current regulation.
过去,很多公司都采用高温饮品作为减温措施,城市安全监督局认为这种做法不符合现行规定。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得扣减或减少工人工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work or reducing working hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气终止工作或缩短工作时间的情况下,雇主不得扣减或减少工人的工资。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours in low temperature weather.
在低温天气中,雇主不得扣减或减少工人工资,以免终止工作和缩短工作时间。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing work hours in high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得在终止工作和缩短工作时间的情况下扣减或减少工人的工资。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours during high temperature weather.
在高温天气中,雇主不得因停止工作和减少工作时间而扣减或减少工人的工资。
Employer shall not deduct or reduce the wages of workers in case of terminating work and reducing working hours under high temperature weather.
在高温天气下,雇主不得在终止工作和减少工作时间的情况下扣减或减少工人的工资。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if workers did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees do not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温环境下工作,不享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau stated that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
该市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温环境下工作时没有享受高温补贴,他们可通过劳资纠纷调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或致电12333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not receive high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and benefits via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温下工作时没有享受高温补贴,他们可通过劳动争议调解机构争取合法权益,或致电12333投诉。
The city's Human Resources and Social Security Bureau said that if employees did not get high temperature allowance while working under high temperature, they may fight for the legitimate rights and interests via the labor dispute mediation organization or dial 12333 for complaint.
北京市人力资源和社会保障局表示,如果员工在高温工作期间没有享受高温补贴,可以通过劳动争议调解机构为合法权益而斗争,或者致电12333投诉。
If the employer refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
如果雇主拒绝支付高温津贴,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
If an employer refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
雇主拒绝支付高温补助的,可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
If the employer refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer can lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
如果雇主拒绝支付高温津贴,劳动者可向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门投诉。
If the employer refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may file a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
如果雇主拒绝支付高温津贴,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
If the employer refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint with the competent department of human resources social security on the county level or above.
如果雇主拒绝支付高温津贴,劳动者可以向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门提出申诉。
If the employer refuses to pay the high temperature allowance, the laborer may lodge a complaint at the competent department of human resources social security at the county level or above.
如果雇主拒绝支付高温津贴,劳动者可向县级以上人力资源社会保障主管部门投诉。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such an allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,不是福利,所以这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
At the same time, since the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such an allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,所以这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such an allowance must be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,这种津贴必须包括在工资总额中,并扣除税款。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such an allowance should be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,因此这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such an allowance shall be included in the total wages, with tax deduction.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,因此这种津贴应列入工资总额,并扣除税款。
At the same time, because the high temperature allowance is part of the wage and not welfare, such an allowance can be included in the total wages, with tax deducted.
同时,由于高温津贴是工资的一部分,而不是福利,因此这种津贴可以包括在工资总额中,并扣除税款。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
So a high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,必须用现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it should be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,应以现金发放,不以饮料等实物取而代之。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it can be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,它可以用现金发放,而不可以用饮料等实物来代替。
So the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it will be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
因此,高温津贴不低于最低工资标准,而是以现金发放,不由饮料等实物取而代之。
Since the high temperature allowance is not within the minimum wage, it must be issued in cash and not substituted by physical objects such as drinks.
由于高温津贴不低于最低工资,因此必须以现金发放,不得用饮料等实物取而代之。
The newly-built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新建乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly-built Urumqi station is situated in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新建乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly-constructed Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
新建乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The purpose-built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of around 100, 000 square meters.
乌鲁木齐站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly-built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of about 100, 000 square meters.
新建乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The newly-built Urumqi station is located in Urumqi high-speed rail area, with the whole construction area of approximately 100, 000 square meters.
新建的乌鲁木齐车站位于乌鲁木齐高速铁路区内,施工总面积约10万平方米。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于出口。
The layers 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于出口。
The levels 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
1级和2级是入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,1级是出口。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entry, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于出口。
The layer 1 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use and the layer-1 is for exit.
第1层和第2层用于入口、等候室和办公室、商业用途,第1层用于出口。
The layer 3 and 2 are for entrance, waiting room and office, commercial use while the layer-1 is for exit.
第3层和第2层用于入口、候机室和办公室,商业用途,第1层用于出口。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路运输、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transportation hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transport, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's largest integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transport and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最大的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路运输、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's most integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前,乌鲁木齐车站是新疆最一体化的交通枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
At present, Urumqi station is Xinjiang's only integrated transport hub, integrated with high-speed rail, rail transportation, public transportation and rental as one. People can achieve a variety of seamless dockings.
目前,乌鲁木齐车站是新疆唯一的综合运输枢纽,与高速铁路、铁路交通、公共交通和租赁一体,人们可以实现无缝对接。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with 39 manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有39个手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There is a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with 39 manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有39个手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with 39 manual ticketing windows and 34 automated ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有39个手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of each platform layer, equipped with 39 manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
每个平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有39个手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south sides of the platform layer, equipped with 39 automatic ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
平台层南北两侧共有3个售票处,配有39个自动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There are a total of 3 ticket offices on the north and south side of the platform layer, equipped with 39 manual ticketing windows and 34 automatic ticket machines.
平台层北侧和南侧共有3个售票处,配有39个手动售票窗和34台自动售票机。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东面和西面共有三十条通道,旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
There is a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东侧和西侧共有30个通道,乘客可检查车票号码,以便快速检查和等候。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west sides of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东、西两侧共有三十条通道,旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
There are a total of 30 channels on the north and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅北面及西面共有三十条通道,旅客可透过车票号码检查车票,以便快速检查及等候。
There are a total of 30 channels on the south and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number for quick inspection and waiting.
候机厅南面和西面共有三十条通道,旅客可以查看车票号码上的车票,以便快速检查和等候。
There are a total of 30 channels on the east and west side of the waiting hall. Passengers can check the ticket on the ticket number after quick inspection and waiting.
等候厅东侧和西侧共有30个通道,旅客可在快速检查和等候后查看机票号码。
If you need help, you can enjoy timely services by pressing a nearby one of the 41 call buttons in the station.
如果您需要帮助,您可以按下附近的41个调用按钮之一,享受及时的服务。
When you need help, you can enjoy timely services by pressing a nearby one of the 41 call buttons in the station.
当您需要帮助时,您可以通过在车站附近的41个呼叫按钮中按一个来享受及时的服务。
If you need help, you can enjoy timely services by pressing a nearby one of the 41 call buttons at the station.
如果您需要帮助,您可以按下附近的41个调用按钮之一,您可以享受及时的服务。
If you need help, you can enjoy timely services by pressing a nearby one of the 41 call buttons on the station.
如果您需要帮助,您可以按下附近的41个调用按钮之一,享受及时的服务。
If you need help, you can enjoy timely services by hitting a nearby one of the 41 call buttons in the station.
如果您需要帮助,您可以享受及时的服务,通过点击附近的41个调用按钮之一在车站。
If you need help, you can enjoy timely services by pressing a nearby one of the 41 call buttons of the station.
如果您需要帮助,您可以按下附近的41个调用按钮之一,享受及时的服务。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
From October 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
10月1日起,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,改为乌鲁木齐站。
From April 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
4月1日起,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,改为乌鲁木齐站。
From December 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从12月1日起,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
From May 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station is shifted to Urumqi station.
从5月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车,被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
From July 1 onwards, the old passenger station, that is, the passenger train of Urumqi South Station was shifted to Urumqi station.
从7月1日开始,乌鲁木齐南站的旧客站,即乌鲁木齐南站的客车被转移到乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang will be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都将停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the BH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有BH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains arriving from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆来的列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the LH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked at Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有LH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
In other words, all the CRH trains and the 30 pairs of other trains departing from Xinjiang can be parked in Urumqi Station.
换句话说,所有CRH列车和30对从新疆出发的其他列车都可以停在乌鲁木齐站。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 15 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约15分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 20 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约20分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 5 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约5分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can buy tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 30 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约30分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Now, passengers can purchase tickets at these two stations. The train passing time between these two stations is about 10 minutes. Passengers need to pay attention to the detailed name of the initial and terminal station on the ticket.
现在,旅客可以在这两个车站购买车票,火车经过这两个车站大约十分钟,乘客需要注意车票上火车站和终点站的详细名称。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the creation of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、促进建立丝绸之路经济区和新区的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the establishment of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合运输城市、促进建立丝绸之路经济区和新区的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the development of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、促进丝绸之路经济区和新区建设的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its official launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the concept of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站正式投入运行后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推广“丝绸之路经济区”和新区的重要平台。
Urumqi new passenger station, after its initial launching into operation, will become an important platform to build the national integrated transport city and promote the construction of " Silk Road Economic Zone " and the new district.
乌鲁木齐新建客运站启动后,将成为建设国家综合交通城市、推进丝绸之路经济区建设和新区建设的重要平台。
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
Bracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forest.
布拉希亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical rain forests.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带雨林的气息.
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the breath of tropical cloud forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 吐出热带云林的气息.
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the scent of tropical rain forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 散发出热带雨林的气味.
Gracia is a cute female toucan, exuding the smell of tropical rain forest.
格拉西亚是一只可爱的雌性土瓜, 散发出热带雨林的气味.
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲国家,图坎·格拉西亚及其经历早已为人所知。
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story has long been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲国家,图坎·格拉西亚及其经历早已为人所知。
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and his story have long been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲国家,图坎·格拉西亚和他的经历早已为人所知。
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and her story have long been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲国家,图坎·格拉西亚和她的故事早已为人所知。
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American islands, Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲岛屿,图坎格拉西亚及其历史早已为人所知。
In Costa Rica, one of the Central American countries, Toucan Gracia and its story have always been known.
在哥斯达黎加,一个中美洲国家,图坎·格拉西亚及其经历一直为人所知。
At the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现并展示了它崭新的三维打印口。
At a press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现,并展示了它崭新的三维打印口。
During the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现了,并展示了它崭新的三维打印口。
In the press conference on August 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在8月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现了,并展示了它崭新的三维打印口。
At the press conference on July 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在7月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现,向人们展示了它崭新的三维打印嘴。
At the press conference on October 10, after postoperative rehabilitation, Gresham finally appeared and showed people its brand new 3D printing plastic beak.
在10月10日的新闻发布会上,术后康复后,格雷沙姆终于出现,向人们展示了它崭新的三维打印嘴。
This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐的喙断裂了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying only one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐的喙断裂了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just a year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐的喙断裂了,一年半前就快要死了,它终于恢复了新生活。
The toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
杜坎的喙断裂了,一年半前就快要死去了,它终于恢复了新的生活。
This toucan, who had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这头豆腐,断了嘴,一年半前就快要死了,终于恢复了新生活。
This toucan, which had its beak broken and was dying almost one year and a half ago, finally regained its new life.
这个土豆腐的喙断裂了,将近一年半前就已经死去,它终于恢复了新生活。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its move into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它步入奢侈品的行列,与人类朋友见面。
That day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its move into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
那天,他不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且暗示他已经步入了奢侈的行列,与人类朋友见面。
The day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its move into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天,不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它已步入奢侈品餐厅,与人类朋友见面。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its entry into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它进入了奢侈品餐厅,与人类朋友见面。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 100 %, but also signaled its entrance into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天,它不仅宣布已经100%恢复了健康,而且还预示着它进入了奢侈品餐厅,与人类朋友见面。
This day not only announced that it has restored health by 90 %, but also signaled its move into the luxury aviary to meet its human friends.
这一天,不仅宣布它已经恢复了90%的健康,而且还预示着它已经步入奢侈品的行列,与人类朋友见面。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but quickly became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的葡萄酒起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was rather shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初相当害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was very shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初很害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon grew lively, rolling in the basin frolic and eating grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来了,在盆中摇曳着,吃着一颗新喙的葡萄。
The newcomer Grecia was slightly shy initially, but soon became lively, rolling in the basin frolic and picking grapes with a new beak.
新来的Grecia起初有点害羞,但很快就变得活泼起来,在盆中摇曳着,用一颗新喙摘葡萄。
In order to remind people of its damage it once suffered from, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but retained the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留了原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people of its damage it once suffered from, the technical staff did not give it the new beak color, but retained the original white color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害,技术人员没有给它新的喙颜色,而是保留了原白色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people of its damage it once suffered from, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but retained the original blue color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留了原蓝色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people of its damage it once suffered from, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but retained the original black color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留了原黑色的3D印刷材料。
In order to remind people of its damage it once suffered from, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but retained the original yellow color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留了原黄色的三维印刷材料。
In order to remind people of its damage it once suffered from, the technical staff did not give it a new beak color, but retained the original green color of the 3D print material.
为了提醒人们它曾经遭受的伤害,技术人员没有给它一个新的喙颜色,而是保留了原绿色的三维印刷材料。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bones to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,里面是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside but only has some of the thin bones to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,但只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
The beak is a thick layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bones to support.
喙是一层厚厚的角质鞘,内部是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of its thin bones to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,里面是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
The beak is a thin layer of leathery sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of the thin bones to support.
喙是一层薄薄的皮革鞘,内部是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
The beak is a thin layer of horny sheath, which is hollow inside and only has some of these thin bones to support.
喙是一层薄薄的角质鞘,内部是空的,只有一些薄的骨头可以支撑。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
尽管有这种内部的加固,但托坎的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
Despite the internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
尽管内部有加固,但豆腐的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
Despite its internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt.
尽管它的内部加固,但豆腐的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken when it gets hurt.
尽管有这种内部加固,但豆腐的喙是脆弱的,当它受伤时可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and may be broken if it is hurt.
尽管有这种内部的加固,但托坎的喙是脆弱的,如果受伤,可能会断裂。
Despite this internal reinforcement, the toucan's beak is fragile and can be broken when it is hurt.
尽管有这种内部加固,但豆腐的喙是脆弱的,在受伤时可以折断。
An animal rescue center, ornithologists and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beaks " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
一个动物救援中心,鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司合作,为Gracia准备了几个测试嘴,最终为它制造了一个“完美嘴”。
An international rescue center, ornithologists and a US 3D printing company worked together to prepare several " test beaks " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
一家国际救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia准备了数只“测试嘴”,最终为Gracia制造了“完美嘴”。
An animal rescue center, ornithologists and a US 3D printing company came together to prepare several " test beaks " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司联合为Gracia准备了几只测试嘴,最终为它制造了一个“完美嘴”。
An animal rescue center, ornithologists and a US 3D printing company worked together to develop several " test beaks " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
一个动物救援中心,鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司合作开发了几个“测试喙”为格拉西亚,并最终为它制造了一个“完美喙”。
An animal rescue center, ornithologists and a US 3D printing company worked together to create several " test beaks " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
一个动物救援中心,鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司合作为Gracia制造了几个“测试嘴”,并最终为它制造了一个“完美嘴”。
An animal rescue center, ornithologists and a US 3D printing company worked together to make several " test beaks " for Gracia and finally built a " perfect beak " for it.
动物救援中心、鸟类学家和美国三维打印公司共同为Gracia制作了几个测试嘴,最终为它制造了一个“完美嘴”。
Now Gracia can use the new beak to drink water, eat things, and even peck tiny grains.
现在,格拉西亚可以使用新喙来喝水,吃东西,甚至吃细粒子。
Now Gracia can use her new beak to drink water, eat things, and even peck tiny grains.
现在,格拉西亚可以用她的新嘴来喝水,吃东西,甚至吃细粒子。
La Gracia can use the new beak to drink water, eat things, and even peck tiny grains.
拉格拉西亚可以使用新嘴喝水,吃东西,甚至啄小粒子。
Now Gracia can use the new beak to drink water, eat food, and even peck tiny grains.
现在,格拉西亚可以使用新嘴喝水,吃食物,甚至吃细粒子。
The Gracia can use the new beak to drink water, eat things, and even peck tiny grains.
格拉西亚可以使用新嘴喝水,吃东西,甚至啄小粒子。
Now Gracia can use the new beak to drink water, eat fruit, and even peck tiny grains.
现在格拉西亚可以用新嘴喝水,吃水果,甚至吃小颗粒。
" The design of the finished product costs about two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product costs about two months and it just takes 3-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两个月,只要3-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product costs about two weeks and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两周的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product costs about six months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计大约要花六个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product costs around two months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计大约要花两个月左右的时间才能打印出来。
" The design of the finished product costs about 2 months and it just takes 4-5 hours to print it. "
最终产品的设计花费了大约两个月的时间,只要4-5小时就能打印出来。
" 3D printing is not a future technology but indeed becoming part of your life, " said Thomas Lange, chairman of SG3D, a US printing company, in an interview by Xinhua International journalists.
“三维打印不是未来的技术,而是真正成为你生活的一部分,”美国一家印刷公司SG3D董事长托马斯兰格在接受新华社国际记者采访时说。
" Digital printing is not a future technology but indeed becoming part of your life, " said Thomas Lange, chairman of SG3D, a US printing company, in an interview by Xinhua International journalists.
美国印刷公司SG3D董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社记者采访时说:“数字印刷不是未来的技术,而是成为你生活的一部分。”
" 3D printing is not a future technology but indeed becoming part of your life, " said Thomas Lange, chairman of RG3D, a US printing company, in an interview by Xinhua International journalists.
美国RG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社记者采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是成为你生活的一部分。”
" 3D printing is not a future technology but indeed becoming part of your life, " said Thomas Lange, chairman of CG3D, a US printing company, in an interview by Xinhua International journalists.
美国CG3D印刷公司董事长托马斯·兰格在接受新华社记者采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是成为你生活的一部分。”
" 3D printing is not a future technology but indeed becoming part of your life, " said Thomas Lange, chairman of DG3D, a US printing company, in an interview by Xinhua International journalists.
美国DG3D公司董事长托马斯·兰格(Thomas Lange)在接受新华社国际记者采访时说:“3D打印不是未来的技术,而是成为你生活的一部分。”
" 3D printing is not a future technology but indeed becoming part of your life, " said Thomas Lange, chairman of HG3D, a US printing company, in an interview by Xinhua International journalists.
美国HG3D印刷公司董事长兰格(Thomas Lange)在接受新华社国际记者采访时说:“3D印刷不是未来的技术,而是真正成为你生活的一部分。”
In January 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年1月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
In February 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年2月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
In April 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年4月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
In March 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年3月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
In May 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年5月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
In September 2015, Gracia, lying on a farm in the town of Alajuela in the middle of Costa Rica, was found with blood covering on its body.
2015年9月,在哥斯达黎加中部阿拉胡埃拉镇的一个农场上发现了Gracia,身上有血迹。
At that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
At this time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
这时,它的喙被一群年轻人狠狠地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
During that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
在那段时间里,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
At the time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
当时,它的喙被一群年轻人无情地折断了,完全不能吃,不能死。
Around that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It was completely unable to eat and dying.
大约在那段时间,它的喙被一群年轻人残忍地折断了,完全不能吃,不能死去。
At that time, its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people. It became completely unable to eat and dying.
那时,它的喙被一群年轻人狠狠地折断了,完全不能吃和死。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there is a wave of animal anti-abuse calls inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧之后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了一波反虐待的呼声。
After the tragedy of the Gracia is reported by the media, there is a wave of animal anti-abuse calls inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧之后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了一波反虐待的呼声。
Since the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there is a wave of animal anti-abuse calls inside and outside Costa Rica.
自媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧以来,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了一波反虐待的呼声。
As the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there is a wave of animal anti-abuse calls inside and outside Costa Rica.
正如媒体所报道的格拉西亚悲剧,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了一波反虐动物的呼声。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there is a surge of animal anti-abuse calls inside and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧后,哥斯达黎加国内外的动物抗虐呼声激增。
After the tragedy of the Gracia was reported by the media, there is a wave of animal anti-abuse calls in and outside Costa Rica.
在媒体报道格拉西亚悲剧之后,哥斯达黎加国内外出现了一波反虐待的呼声。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection laws to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的处罚。
People want to establish more rigorous animal protection laws to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们希望制定更严格的动物保护法,加强对施虐者的处罚。
People wanted to establish more rigorous animal protection laws to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们希望制定更严格的动物保护法,加强对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to create more rigorous animal protection laws to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的处罚。
People need to establish more rigorous animal protection laws to enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们需要制定更严格的动物保护法,以加强对施虐者的处罚。
People demand to establish more rigorous animal protection laws that enhance the punishment against abusers.
人们要求制定更严格的动物保护法,加强对施虐者的处罚。
People came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
人们自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,以免受伤。
People gather spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
人们自发地聚集,尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,以免受伤。
Many came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
许多人自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,以免受伤。
Others came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
其他人自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,以免受伤。
Everyone came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
每个人都自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚恢复生命,以免受伤.
People came spontaneously to do their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting.
人们自发地来尽力帮助格拉西亚在受伤之前恢复生命。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, was also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
甚至3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了格拉西亚喙的设计。
Even the creator of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, was also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
即使是三维打印技术的创造者,查克·赫尔,也参与了格拉西亚喙的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, was also involved with the design of the Gracia beak.
甚至3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了格拉西亚喙的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing process, Chuck Hull, was also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
即使是三维打印过程的发明者,查克·赫尔,也参与了格拉西亚喙的设计。
Even the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, was closely involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
即使是3D打印技术的发明者,查克·赫尔,也密切参与了Gracia喙的设计。
And the inventor of the 3D printing technology, Chuck Hull, was also involved in the design of the Gracia beak.
3D打印技术的发明者恰克·赫尔也参与了Gracia喙的设计。
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and its residual beak is less than 1 centimeter long, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它的剩余喙不到1厘米长,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is extremely special, and its residual beak is less than 1 centimeter long, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,它的剩余喙不到1厘米长,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and the residual beak is less than 1 centimeter long, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,残留的喙不到1厘米长,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is quite special, and its residual beak is less than 1 centimeter long, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况相当特殊,它的剩余喙不到1厘米长,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Bracia is very special, and its residual beak is less than 1 centimeter long, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“Bracia的情况非常特殊,它的剩余喙不到1厘米长,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" The situation of Gracia is very special, and her residual beak is less than 1 centimeter long, so there are many difficulties in installing the new beak. "
“格拉西亚的情况非常特殊,她残留的喙不到1厘米长,所以安装新喙有很多困难。”
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis, which is slightly longer than the rest of the upper part of its beak, and fixed it on its beak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比嘴的上部稍长一点,然后用胶水把它固定在嘴上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis, which is slightly longer than the rest of the lower part of its beak, and fixed it on its beak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比其喙的下部稍长一点,然后用胶水把它固定在喙上。
" I first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis, which is slightly longer than the rest of the upper part of its beak, and fixed it on its beak with glue. "
我首先扫描了Gracia,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比嘴的上部稍长一点,然后用胶水把它固定在嘴上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis, which is slightly longer than the rest of the upper part of its beak, and fixed it on its beak using glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比嘴的上部稍长一点,然后用胶水把它固定在嘴上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis, which is slightly longer than the rest of the front part of its beak, and fixed it on its beak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比嘴的前部稍长一点,然后用胶水把它固定在嘴上。
" We first scanned Gracia and then designed and produced an extended prosthesis, which is slightly longer than the rest of the upper part of its beak, and glued it on its beak with glue. "
我们先扫描了格拉西亚,然后设计并生产了一个延伸的假体,比嘴的上部稍长一点,然后用胶水粘在嘴上。
" This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told journalists of Xinhua International.
兰格对国际新华社记者说,“这可以减少对Gracia造成进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" It can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told journalists of Xinhua International.
兰格对国际新华社记者说,“它可以降低对Gracia的进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" We can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told journalists of Xinhua International.
兰格对国际新华社记者说,“我们可以减少对Gracia造成进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" I can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told journalists of Xinhua International.
兰格对国际新华社记者说,“我可以降低对Gracia造成进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" This can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia, " Lange told reporters of Xinhua International.
兰格在接受新华社记者采访时说:“这可以降低格拉西亚遭受进一步侵扰性损害的风险。”
" This can reduce the risk of further intruding damage to Gracia, " Lange told journalists of Xinhua International.
兰格对国际新华社记者说,“这可以减少对Gracia的进一步破坏风险。”
Before installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体之前,工作人员每天清扫格拉西亚断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
Before making the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在做假体之前,工作人员每天清扫格拉西亚断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
Before removing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在除去假体之前,工作人员每天清扫Gracia断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
After installing the prosthesis, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假体后,工作人员每天清扫格拉西亚断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
Before installing the prostheses, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假肢之前,工作人员每天清扫格拉西亚断裂的嘴,以防止感染。
Before installing the prosthetic, the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection.
在安装假肢之前,工作人员每天清理碎裂的Gracia嘴以防感染。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman。
Hundreds of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在数百英里之外,图坎格拉西亚的故事触及了著名的纪录片导演保拉·埃尔·雷迪亚和新闻频道制作人约翰·霍夫曼。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia reached the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在数千英里之外,著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman得知了Toucan Gracia的故事。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the TV channel producer John Hoffman.
在千里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和电视频道制片人John Hoffman。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the renowned documentary director Paula El Reidia and the news channel producer John Hoffman.
在数千英里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和新闻频道制作人John Hoffman。
Thousands of miles away, the story of the Toucan Gracia touched the famous documentary director Paula El Reidia and the cable channel producer John Hoffman.
在数千英里之外,Toucan Gracia的故事触动了著名的纪录片导演Paula El Reidia和有线频道制作人John Hoffman。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新喙的过程,记录了本月在动物星球频道播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They did a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们做了一点点安装新喙的过程,并录制了本月在动物星球频道播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They completed a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们完成了安装新喙的一小部分工作,并录制了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
He recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他记录了安装新喙的过程,记录了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and recorded a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on The Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新喙的过程,并录下了本月在《动物星球频道》上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
They recorded a little bit of the process of installing a new beak, and filmed a documentary " The Country of Toucan ", which was played this month on the Animal Planet Channel.
他们记录了安装新喙的过程,并拍摄了本月在动物星球频道上播放的纪录片《土坎之乡》。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against the torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
The film " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against the torture of animals.
这部名为《图坎州》的电影向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people become involved in the fight against the torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
The movie " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against the torture of animals.
这部名为《图坎州》的电影向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击动物的酷刑。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how one small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved in the fight against the torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
The documentary " The State of the Toucan " shows people how a small Toucan has changed a country and how people get involved with the fight against the torture of animals.
纪录片《图坎州》向人们展示了一个小图坎如何改变了一个国家,人们如何参与打击对动物的酷刑。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those that are called " teapots ".
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, particularly those that are called " teapots ".
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Core Rip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those that are called " teapots ".
日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those which are called " teapots ".
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
CoreRip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those that are called " teapots ".
日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Core Tip : Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, including those that are called " teapots ".
核心提示:日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起表示警觉,包括那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂。
Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. " the Cankaoxiaoxi website reported on August 12.
日本最大的石油公司JX能源(JXEnergy)8月12日报道说,“中国出口扩张是市场下滑的原因之一”。
China's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. " the Cankaoxiaoxi website reported on August 12.
中国最大的石油公司JX能源(JXEnergy)8月12日报道说,“中国出口扩张是市场下滑的原因之一”。
Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. " the Cankaoxiaoxi website reported on July 12.
日本最大的石油公司JX能源(JXEnergy)认为,“中国出口扩张是市场下滑的原因之一”。
Japan's largest oil company JX Energy believes that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. " the Cankaoxiaoxi website reported on October 12.
日本最大的石油公司JX能源(JXEnergy)10月12日报道说,“中国出口扩张是市场下滑的原因之一”。
Japan's largest oil company JX Energy said that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. " the Cankaoxiaoxi website reported on August 12.
日本最大的石油公司JX能源(JXEnergy)8月12日报道说,“中国出口扩张是市场下滑的原因之一”。
Japan's largest oil company JX Energy stated that " China's export expansion is one of the reasons for the market downturn. " the Cankaoxiaoxi website reported on August 12.
日本最大的石油公司JX能源(JXEnergy)表示,“中国出口扩张是市场下滑的原因之一”。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those that are called " teapots ".
日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, particularly those that are called " teapots ".
日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Western oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those that are called " teapots ".
西方石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Japanese oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those which are called " teapots ".
日本石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Major oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those that are called " teapots ".
大型石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起,尤其是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂,表示了警觉。
Many oil companies expressed vigilance to the rise of small independent Chinese oil refineries, especially those that are called " teapots ".
许多石油公司对中国小型独立炼油厂的兴起表示警觉,特别是那些被称为“茶壶”的炼油厂。
The quality of China's oil products is gradually close to those of their Japanese counterparts because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
中国石油产品质量逐步接近日方水平,中国政府加强了对环境保护的监管。
The quality of China's oil products becomes gradually close to those of their Japanese counterparts because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
中国的石油产品质量逐渐接近日本,因为中国政府加强了对环境保护的监管。
The quality of China's oil products is gradually close to those of its Japanese counterparts because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
中国的石油产品质量逐渐接近日本,因为中国政府加强了对环境保护的监管。
The quality of China's oil products is gradually close to those of their Japanese counterparts as the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
随着中国政府加强环保管理,中国的石油产品质量逐渐接近日方。
The quality of China's oil products are gradually close to those of their Japanese counterparts because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
中国的石油产品质量逐渐接近日本,因为中国政府加强了对环境保护的监管。
The quality of China's oil products is gradually close to that of their Japanese counterparts because the Chinese government has strengthened environmental protection regulations.
中国石油产品质量逐步接近日方水平,中国政府加强了对环境保护的监管。
Before obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refineries " generally refine oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before receiving the import license for crude oil, " teapot refineries " generally refine oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before acquiring the import license for crude oil, " teapot refineries " generally refine oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before granting the import license for crude oil, " teapot refineries " generally refine oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在批准原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
Before issuing the import license for crude oil, " teapot refineries " generally refine oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在颁发原油进口许可证之前,"茶壶炼油厂"一般从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
After obtaining the import license for crude oil, " teapot refineries " generally refine oil from the heavy oil, which has high sulfur content and is imported from Russia.
在获得原油进口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"通常从含硫量高的重油中提炼石油,并从俄罗斯进口。
The petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content, which has become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
由于硫含量高,石油产品质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are low in quality due to high sulfur content, which has become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
由于硫含量高,石油产品质量低,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are poor in quality due to low sulfur content, which has become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
由于硫含量低,石油产品的质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are poor in purity due to high sulfur content, which has become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品的纯度因硫含量高而差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
The petroleum products are poor in quality due to their sulfur content, which has become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
石油产品由于其含硫量而质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
Its petroleum products are poor in quality due to high sulfur content, which has become one of the causes of environmental pollution.
其石油产品由于硫含量高而质量较差,已成为造成环境污染的原因之一。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refineries " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur contents and have improved the quality of the petroleum products.
在获得原油进口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"可以进口含硫量低的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,提高了石油产品的质量。
After acquiring crude oil import license, " teapot refineries " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur contents and have improved the quality of the petroleum products.
在获得原油进口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"可以进口含硫量低的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,提高了石油产品的质量。
After receiving crude oil import license, " teapot refineries " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur contents and have improved the quality of the petroleum products.
在获得原油进口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"可以进口含硫量低的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,提高了石油产品的质量。
After obtaining crude oil import license, " teapot refineries " can import Oman crude oil or Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur contents and have improved the quality of the petroleum products.
在获得原油进口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"可以进口含硫量低的阿曼原油或俄罗斯原油,提高了石油产品的质量。
After obtaining crude oil export license, " teapot refineries " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur contents and have improved the quality of the petroleum products.
在获得原油出口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"可以进口含硫量低的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,提高了石油产品的质量。
After a crude oil import license, " teapot refineries " can import Oman crude oil and Russian crude oil, which have low sulfur contents and have improved the quality of the petroleum products.
在获得原油进口许可证后,"茶壶炼油厂"可以进口低硫含量的阿曼原油和俄罗斯原油,并改善了石油产品的质量。
" China's domestic oil product quality standards continued to improve and the refining capacity of the refining equipment also increased.
中国国内石油产品质量标准不断提高,炼油设备的炼油能力也不断提高。
" Iran's domestic oil product quality standards continued to improve and the refining capacity of the refining equipment also increased.
伊朗国内石油产品质量标准不断提高,炼油设备的炼油能力也不断提高。
" Kuwait's domestic oil product quality standards continued to improve and the refining capacity of the refining equipment also increased.
科威特国内石油产品质量标准不断提高,炼油设备的炼油能力也不断提高。
" Iraq's domestic oil product quality standards continued to improve and the refining capacity of the refining equipment also increased.
”伊拉克国内石油产品质量标准不断提高,炼油设备的炼油能力也不断提高。
" China's domestic oil product quality standards began to improve and the refining capacity of the refining equipment also increased.
中国国内石油产品质量标准开始提高,炼油设备的炼油能力也开始提高。
" China's domestic oil product quality standards continued to increase and the refining capacity of the refining equipment also increased.
中国国内石油产品质量标准不断提高,炼油设备的炼油能力也不断提高。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually reached the same level as that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ), " said TonenGeneral Sekiyu.
因此,从中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐达到与日本(世界最高质量 ) 的水平。
As a consequence, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually reached the same level as that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ), " said TonenGeneral Sekiyu.
因此,从中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐达到与日本(世界最高质量 ) 的水平。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China never reached the same level as that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ), " said TonenGeneral Sekiyu.
因此,从中国出口的石油产品的质量从未达到日本的水平(世界上的最高质量 ) 。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China gradually reached the same level as that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ), " said YonenGeneral Sekiyu.
因此,从中国出口的石油产品质量逐渐达到与日本(世界最高品质 ) 的水平。
As a result, the quality of oil products exported from China has reached the same level as that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ), " said TonenGeneral Sekiyu.
因此,从中国出口的石油产品的质量已经达到与日本(世界最高质量 ) 的水平。
As a result, the quality of oil products imported from China gradually reached the same level as that of Japan ( the world's highest quality ), " said TonenGeneral Sekiyu.
由此,从中国进口的石油产品质量逐渐达到与日本(世界最高品质 ) 的水平。
" After the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia, " according to JX Energy. Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
“2015年底以后,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这些轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
" From the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia, " according to JX Energy. Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
“从2015年底开始,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这些轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
" At the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia, " according to JX Energy. Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
“到2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这些轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
" By the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia, " according to JX Energy. Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
“到2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这些轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
" Towards the end of 2015, China began to export high-quality light oil to Australia, " according to JX Energy. Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
“到2015年底,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这些轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
" After the end of 2015, China started to export high-quality light oil to Australia, " according to JX Energy. Such light oil products are competitive with Japanese products on the Asian market.
“2015年底以后,中国开始向澳大利亚出口优质轻质油,这些轻质油产品与亚洲市场的日本产品具有竞争力。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting into profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
Although the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the policy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的政策。
Although the " Japanese good quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
尽管“日本优质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的策略。
As the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
随着“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
Since the " Japanese high quality oil " falls into a crisis, the Japanese oil companies just adopted the strategy of " exporting to profitable areas while being concerned about the market ".
由于“日本高品质石油”陷入危机,日本石油公司刚刚采取了“出口至有利可图的地区,同时关注市场”的战略。
As China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refineries got more attentions.
由于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有巨大影响,茶壶炼油厂受到更多关注。
Since China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refineries got more attentions.
由于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场影响巨大,茶壶炼油厂受到更多的关注。
Because China's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refineries got more attentions.
由于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场影响巨大,茶壶炼油厂受到更多的关注。
As China's exports of petroleum products have a large impact on the Asian market, teapot refineries got more attentions.
由于中国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场影响巨大,茶壶炼油厂受到更多关注。
As Thailand's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refineries got more attentions.
由于泰国石油产品的出口对亚洲市场有巨大影响,茶壶炼油厂受到更多关注。
As Indonesia's exports of petroleum products have a huge impact on the Asian market, teapot refineries got more attentions.
由于印尼石油产品的出口对亚洲市场影响巨大,茶壶炼油厂受到更多关注。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of the Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants was up to 800.
2016年5月26日,长江晚报对李泉阳光学生的支援行动启动,经过两个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Yangqun sunshine student support action of the Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants was up to 800.
2016年5月26日,杨泉《长江晚报》对学生的支持行动启动,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of the Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants is up to 800.
2016年5月26日,长江晚报对李泉阳光学生的支持行动启动,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of the Yangtze Evening News started from April 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants was up to 800.
2016年4月26日开始,长江晚报对学生的阳光支持行动,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of the Yangtze Evening News started from May 26. After three months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants was up to 800.
2016年5月26日,长江晚报对李泉阳光学生的支援行动启动,经过三个月的报名,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
2016 Liqun sunshine student support action of the Yangtze Evening News started from July 26. After two months of registration, the total number of poor students applying for grants was up to 800.
2016年7月26日,长江晚报开始对学生进行阳光支持,经过两个月的注册,申请助学金的贫困学生总数达到800人。
During the subsidizing process, more than RMB 1. 2 million of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 poverty-stricken students achieve their college dream.
在补贴过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名贫困学生实现大学梦想。
In the subsidizing process, more than RMB 1. 2 million of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 poverty-stricken students achieve their college dream.
在补贴过程中,已经获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布)。这可以帮助240名贫困学生实现他们的大学梦想。
Under the subsidizing process, more than RMB 1. 2 million of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 poverty-stricken students achieve their college dream.
在补贴过程中,已经获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布)。这可以帮助240名贫困学生实现他们的大学梦想。
Through the subsidizing process, more than RMB 1. 2 million of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 poverty-stricken students achieve their college dream.
通过补贴过程,已经获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名贫困学生实现大学的梦想。
During this subsidizing process, more than RMB 1. 2 million of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 poverty-stricken students achieve their college dream.
在补贴过程中,共获得了120多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),可以帮助240名贫困学生实现大学梦想。
During the subsidizing process, more than RMB 3. 2 million of social donations has been obtained ( the detailed donations are publicized in five batches ). This can help at least 240 poverty-stricken students achieve their college dream.
在补贴过程中,共获得了320多万元的社会捐款(具体捐款分五批公布),帮助240名贫困学生实现了大学的梦想。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children could obtain funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报纸呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At first, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can obtain funding and social care.
起初,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有孩子的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can get funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报纸呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以便让更多的有孩子的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more families with children can receive funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的家庭能够获得资金和社会关爱。
At present, donations continued and this newspaper called on the community to continue to lend a helping hand, so that more parents with children can obtain funding and social care.
目前,捐款仍在继续,该报呼吁社区继续伸出援助之手,以使更多的有子女的父母能够获得资金和社会关爱。
In order to ensure that the student support action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生的支援行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章公布学生的基本情况。首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者的督导。
In order to ensure that the student support action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the full information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生支持行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章公布学生的全面信息,首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者的督导。
In order to ensure that the student support action was fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生的支援行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报章公布学生的基本情况。首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者的督导。
In order to ensure that the student support action is fair, open and effective, the newspaper today announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为了保证学生支持行动的公平、公开和有效,今天的报纸宣布了学生的基本信息,首批100名学生的名字将在今天公布,接受读者的监督。
In order to ensure that the student support action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper today announced the personal information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为保证学生支持行动公正、公开、透明,今日的报纸公布学生的个人资料。首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者监督。
In order to ensure that the student support action is fair, open and transparent, the newspaper has announced the basic information of the students. The names of the first 100 students will be publicized today to receive the supervision of readers.
为确保学生的支援行动公正、公开、透明,本报已公布学生的基本资料。首100名学员的名单今日将予公布,接受读者的督导。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
“酒井阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自2003年起,羊子晚间新闻“酒井阳光学生行动”在江苏启动,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Changzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
“酒泉阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自2003年起,长子晚间新闻“酒泉阳光学生行动”在江苏启动,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Hanzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
“酒井阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自2003年起,汉子晚间新闻“酒井阳光学生行动”在江苏启动,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Taizi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
“酒井阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自2003年起,泰子晚间新闻“酒井阳光学生行动”在江苏启动,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2004. More than 4, 000 students have been supported.
自2004年起,“白泉阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自江苏地区启动“阳子晚间新闻白泉阳光学生行动”,已有4000多名学生获得了支持。
" Liqun sunshine student action " is a well-known Chinese charity brand. Yangzi Evening News Liqun sunshine student action has been initiated in Jiangsu since 2003. More than 10, 000 students have been supported.
“酒井阳光学生行动”是中国知名的慈善品牌,自2003年起,羊子晚间新闻“酒井阳光学生行动”在江苏启动,有1000多名学生获得了支持。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The majority of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
大部分基金资助高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具备优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The bulk of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
大部分基金涵盖大学入学新生,但不包括免学费专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩及家庭贫困。
The balance of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金余额包括高校入学新生,但不包括免缴学费的专业。符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩和家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers college entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Those qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖高校新生入学,但不包括免缴学费的专业,符合基金条件的应具备优秀的学习成绩和家庭贫困。
The scope of the fund covers university entrance freshmen, excluding tuition-free majors. Students qualified for the fund should have excellent study performance and family poverty.
基金范围涵盖大学入学新生,但不包括免缴学费的专业,符合基金条件的学生应具有优秀的学习成绩和家庭贫困。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 2 % only in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ), which was the peak time of birth.
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率以前仅在1974年和1950年代-1960年代(即"婴儿潮")超过了2%,当时是出生高峰期。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 5 % only in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ), which was the peak time of birth.
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率以前仅在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮期")超过了5%,当时是出生高峰期。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 1 % only in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ), which was the peak time of birth.
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率以前仅在1974年和1950年代-1960年代(即"婴儿潮")超过了1%,当时是出生高峰期。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand has previously exceeded 2 % only in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ), which was the peak time of birth.
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率以前仅在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮")超过了2%,当时是出生高峰期。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 10 % only in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ), which was the peak time of birth.
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率以前仅在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮期")超过了10%,当时是出生高峰期。
According to the statistics bureau, the population growth of New Zealand had previously exceeded 20 % only in 1974 and during the 1950s-1960s ( " baby boom " ), which was the peak time of birth.
据统计局统计,新西兰的人口增长率以前仅在1974年和1950年代-1960年代("婴儿潮期")超过了20%,当时是出生高峰期。
New Zealand's net inflow of migrants in the 12 months ended June this year was 69, 100 people, which became the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
在截至今年6月的12个月中,新西兰移民净流入人数为69 100人,这成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
New Zealand's net inflow of migrants during the 12 months ended June this year was 69, 100 people, which became the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
在截至今年6月的12个月中,新西兰移民净流入人数为69 100人,这成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
New Zealand's net inflow of migrants in the twelve months ended June this year was 69, 100 people, which became the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
在截至今年6月的12个月中,新西兰移民净流入人数为69 100人,这成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
New Zealand's net inflow of migrants in the 12 months ended June this year was 69, 100 people, which became the main driver of New Zealand's population growth over recent years.
在截至今年6月的12个月中,新西兰移民净流入人数为69 100人,这成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
New Zealand's net inflow of migrants in the six months ended June this year was 69, 100 people, which became the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
在截至今年6月的6个月中,新西兰移民净流入人数为69 100人,这成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
New Zealand's net inflow of migrants for the 12 months ended June this year was 69, 100 people, which became the main driver of New Zealand's population growth in recent years.
截至今年6月为止的12个月中,新西兰移民净流入人数为69 100人,这成为新西兰近年来人口增长的主要驱动力。
In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's population saw an organic increase of 28, 200.
此外,在同一时期,新西兰的人口有机增加了28 200人。
In total, in the same period, New Zealand's population saw an organic increase of 28, 200.
在同一时期,新西兰的人口总共增加了28 200人。
In contrast, in the same period, New Zealand's population saw an organic increase of 28, 200.
相比之下,同期新西兰的人口有机增长28 200人。
In comparison, in the same period, New Zealand's population saw an organic increase of 28, 200.
相比之下,同期新西兰的人口有机增长28 200人。
In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's population saw an organic increase of 4, 200.
此外,在同一时期,新西兰的人口有机增长4 200人。
In addition, in the same period, New Zealand's population had an organic increase of 28, 200.
此外,在同一时期,新西兰的人口有机增加了28 200人。
Data shows that in the recent 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with annual organic increase of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,最近10年,新西兰平均每年移民净流入21 800人,每年有机增加32 300人。
Data shows that in the recent 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand was 21, 800, with annual organic increase of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,近10年来,新西兰平均每年移民净流入21 800人,每年有机增长32 300人。
Data indicates that in the recent 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with annual organic increase of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,最近10年,新西兰平均每年移民净流入21 800人,每年有机增加32 300人。
Statistics shows that in the recent 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 800, with annual organic increase of 32, 300 people.
统计数据表明,近10年来,新西兰平均每年移民净流入21 800人,每年有机增长32 300人。
Data shows that in the recent 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 700, with annual organic increase of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,近10年来,新西兰平均每年移民净流入21 700人,每年有机增长32 300人。
Data shows that in the recent 10 years, the average annual net inflow of immigrants in New Zealand is 21, 600, with annual organic increase of 32, 300 people.
数据显示,近10年来,新西兰平均每年移民净流入21 600人,每年有机增长32 300人。
From the view of population structure, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"劳动适龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
In the view of population structure, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
From a view of population structure, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
From the view of population structure, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 16 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构的角度来看,大量移民涌入意味着16至39岁"工作年龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
From the view of population structure, a large influx of immigrants means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 49 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构来看,大量移民涌入意味着年龄在15岁至49岁之间的"工作年龄人口"比例逐渐扩大。
From the view of population structure, a large influx of immigration means that the ratio of " working age population " aged 15 to 39 years old gradually expanded.
从人口结构来看,大量移民流入意味着年龄在15岁至39岁之间的"劳动适龄人口"的比例逐渐扩大。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As at June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 2. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到258万人。
As of April 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 1. 58 million.
截至2016年4月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到1.58亿人。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 3. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到358万人。
As of June 2016, New Zealand's working-age population rose by 3. 6 percent to 4. 58 million.
截至2016年6月,新西兰劳动适龄人口增加了3.6%,达到458万人。
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为3. 6%, 达到70万.
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 4. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为4. 6%, 达到70万.
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 5. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为5. 6%, 达到70万.
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 2. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为2. 6%, 达到70万.
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 6. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为6. 6%, 达到70万.
At the same time, the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 7. 6 %, reaching 700, 000.
同时, 65岁以上人群的人口增长率为7. 6%, 达到70万.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bounding for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午10时,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At eight o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bounding for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天早上8点,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At nine o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bounding for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午九点,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At ten o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bounding for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午10时,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At eleven o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bounding for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天上午11点,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
At six o'clock yesterday morning, X9003 international cargo flights were leaving the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station and bounding for Kazakhstan's Almaty.
昨天早上六点,X9003国际货运航班离开西安新竹火车站,前往哈萨克斯坦阿拉木图。
The launch of this train marked that the Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights in 2013.
这趟火车的开通标志着,自2013年中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
The launching of this train marked that the Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights in 2013.
这趟火车的开通标志着,自2013年中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆马车。
The launch of this train marked that the Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 10, 000 carriages since the beginning of Sino-Asia international cargo flights in 2013.
这趟列车的开通标志着,自2013年中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1万辆列车。
The launch of this train marked that the Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 3, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights in 2013.
这趟火车的开通标志着,自2013年中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了3000辆列车。
The launch of this train marked that the Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 1, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights in 2013.
这趟火车的开通标志着,自2013年中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了1000辆列车。
The launch of this train marked that the Xi'an Railway Bureau has successfully launched 2, 000 carriages since the start of Sino-Asia international cargo flights in 2013.
该列火车的开通标志着,自2013年中亚国际货运航班启动以来,西安铁路局已成功开通了2,000辆列车。
It is known that the goods of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, totaling 206 varieties.
众所周知,这列货运列车的货品有六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品,共有品种206种。
It is known that the goods of this freight train cover five major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, totaling 206 varieties.
众所周知,这列货运列车的货物主要包括五大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品,共有品种206种。
It is known that the goods of this freight train cover seven major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, totaling 206 varieties.
众所周知,这列货运列车的货品有七大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品,共有品种206种。
It is known that the goods of this freight train include six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, building materials, food, light industrial products, totaling 206 varieties.
众所周知,这列货运列车的货品包括六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品,共有品种206种。
It is known that the goods of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spares, building materials, food, light industrial products, totaling 206 varieties.
众所周知,这列货运列车的货品有六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零部件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品,共有品种206种。
It is known that the goods of this freight train cover six major categories, namely industrial raw materials, machinery and equipment, industrial spare parts, construction materials, food, light industrial products, totaling 206 varieties.
众所周知,这列货运列车的货品有六大类,即工业原材料、机械设备、工业零件、建筑材料、食品、轻工业产品,共有品种206种。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station luanched a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共停运了221辆货运列车和10,009辆车辆,总共运输了338,000吨货物,其中84辆货运列车于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station luanched a total of 221 freight trains and 4, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共停运了221辆货运列车和4 009辆车辆,总共运输了338 000吨货物,其中有84辆货运列车于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station luanched a total of 221 freight trains and 3, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共停运了221辆货运列车和3 009辆车辆,总共运输了338 000吨货物,其中有84辆货运列车于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station luanched a total of 221 freight trains and 2, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共停运了221辆货运列车和2 009辆车辆,总共运输了338 000吨货物,其中84辆货运列车于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of August 11 this year, the Xinzhu station luanched a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains started operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年8月11日,新竹站共停运了221辆货运列车和10,009辆车辆,总共运输了338,000吨货物,其中84辆货运列车于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
As of October 11 this year, the Xinzhu station luanched a total of 221 freight trains and 10, 009 vehicles. A total of 338, 000 tons of goods have been transported. Among them, 84 freight trains began operation in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 47 %.
截至今年10月11日,新竹站共停运了221辆货运列车和10,009辆车辆,总共运输了338,000吨货物,其中84辆货运列车于2016年开始运营,较上年同期增长47%。
It is learned that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据悉,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外国货源。
It is learned that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a significant number of foreign sources.
据悉,中亚货运列车的首次货物运输是“陕西制造”,目前吸引了大量外资。
It is learned that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a huge number of foreign sources.
据悉,中亚货运列车的首次货物运输是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外资。
It is learned that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". And now, it has attracted a great number of foreign sources.
据悉,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,现在吸引了大量外国货源。
It is learned that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". By now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据悉,中亚货运列车的首次货物运输是“陕西制造”,目前已吸引了大批外国货源。
It is learned that the first carriage of goods of Sino-Asia freight trains are " Made in Shaanxi ". Till now, it has attracted a large number of foreign sources.
据悉,中亚货运列车的首轮货运是“陕西制造”,迄今已吸引了大量外国货源。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量达到64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains exceeded 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量已超过64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains is 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车的集装箱数量为64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains was 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量为64000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
As of the end of July, the number of container received for Sino-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,中亚货运列车收货集装箱数量达到64000台,比2015年同期增长8%。
As of the end of July, the volume of container received for Trans-Asia freight trains reached 64, 000 TEU, an increase of 8 % over the same period in 2015.
截至7月底,泛亚货运列车接收的集装箱数量达到64 000提欧,比2015年同期增长8%。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Lianzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局连珠铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increases year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the increase of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau grew year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营量的增长,西安铁路局新竹铁路站的货运量逐年增加。
With the growth of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营的增长,西安铁路局新竹火车站的货运量逐年增加。
With the expansion of the operation of Sino-Asia freight trains, the freight volume of the Xinzhu Railway Station of Xi'an Railway Bureau increased year by year.
随着中亚货运列车运营规模的扩大,西安铁路局新竹火车站的货运量逐年增加。
In 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
到2015年,新竹火车站全年货运量达到247.7万吨,到2016年8月10日,货运量达到15.31万吨,比上年同期增长6.7%。
In 2014, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
截至2014年8月10日,新竹火车站全年货运量达247.7万吨,至2016年8月10日,货运量达1.531亿吨,比去年同期增长6.7%。
In 2013, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
截至二○一六年八月十日,新竹火车站全年货物吞吐量达247.7万吨,至二○一六年八月十日,货物总量达15.31亿吨,较去年同期增长6.7%。
In 2012, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
截至2012年8月10日,新竹火车站全年货运量达247.7万吨,至2016年8月10日,货运量达1.531亿吨,比去年同期增长6.7%。
In 2011, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo has reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
截至2011年8月10日,新竹火车站全年货运量达247.7万吨,至2016年8月10日,货运量达1.531亿吨,比去年同期增长6.7%。
In 2015, the cargo throughput of the Xinzhu Railway Station of the whole year reached 2. 477 million tons. As of August 10, 2016, the volume of cargo had reached 1. 531 million tons, representing an increase of 6. 7 % over the same period last year.
到2015年,新竹火车站全年货运量达到247.7万吨,到2016年8月10日,货运量达到15.31万吨,比上年同期增长6.7%。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an Newly Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a new modern railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设新型的现代化铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an Newly Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a target, endeavoring to build a new modern railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站作为目标,致力于建设新型的现代化铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, a Construction Planning of Xi'an Newly Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a new modern railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足未来发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划,重点以西安新竹铁路站为工作重点,努力建设新型的现代化铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an Centrally Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a new modern railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安中心综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设新型的现代化铁路综合物流园区。
In order to satisfy the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an Newly Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a new modern railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足今后发展的需要,西安新建综合物流中心建设规划工作已经启动,西安新竹铁路站成为重点,致力于建设新型的现代化铁路综合物流园区。
In order to meet the needs of future development, the Construction Planning of Xi'an Rapidly Integrated Logistics Center has been introduced, with the Xi'an Xinzhu railway station as a focus, endeavoring to build a new modern railway integrated logistics park.
为了满足未来发展的需要,西安快速集成物流中心建设规划以西安新竹铁路站为工作重点,努力建设新型的现代化铁路综合物流园区。
A mid-aged man in India won a US $ 1 million award this week at the Dubai International Airport, where he had just experienced an airplane belly landing shock last week.
本周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A middle-aged man in India won a US $ 1 million award this week at the Dubai International Airport, where he had just experienced an airplane belly landing shock last week.
本周,一位印度中年男子在迪拜国际机场赢得了100万美元的奖金。
A mid-aged man in India won a US $ 2 million award this week at the Dubai International Airport, where he had just experienced an airplane belly landing shock last week.
本周,一位印度中年男子在迪拜国际机场赢得了200万美元的奖金。
A mid-aged man in India won a US $ 3 million award this week at the Dubai International Airport, where he had just experienced an airplane belly landing shock last week.
本周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场赢得了300万美元的奖金。
A mid-aged man in India won a US $ 5 million award this week at the Dubai International Airport, where he had just experienced an airplane belly landing shock last week.
本周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场赢得了500万美元的奖金。
A mid-aged man in India received a US $ 1 million award this week at the Dubai International Airport, where he had just experienced an airplane belly landing shock last week.
本周,印度一名中年男子在迪拜国际机场获得了100万美元的奖金,上周他刚刚在机场遭受飞机腹部降落的冲击。
Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who has lived in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, for a long time, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
长期以来一直居住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的穆罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
Mohammed Bashir Abdul Hedar, who has lived in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, for a long time, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
长期居住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的穆罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who has lived in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, for a long time, has a habit of buying lottery tickets each time he returns.
长期以来一直居住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的穆罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
Syed Bashir Abdul Hedar, who has lived in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, for a long time, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
赛义德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔(Syed Bashir Abdul Hedar)长期以来一直居住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜,他习惯于每次回来都买彩票。
Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who has resided in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, for a long time, has a habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
长期居住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的穆罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
Muhammad Bashir Abdul Hedar, who has lived in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, for a long time, has the habit of buying lottery tickets every time he returns.
长期以来一直居住在阿拉伯联合酋长国迪拜的穆罕默德·巴希尔·阿卜杜勒·赫达尔有每次回来买彩票的习惯。
His 21-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He toils day in and day out to repay his son's medical expense loan.
他21岁的儿子由于出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,日复一日地辛辛苦苦偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 5-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He toils day in and day out to repay his son's medical expense loan.
他5岁的儿子由于出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 4-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He toils day in and day out to repay his son's medical expense loan.
他4岁的儿子由于出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 3-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He toils day in and day out to repay his son's medical expense loan.
他三岁的儿子由于在出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 2-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall 13 days after his birth. He toils day in and day out to repay his son's medical expense loan.
他2岁的儿子由于出生13天后意外坠落而瘫痪,他日复一日地辛辛苦苦地偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
His 21-year-old son suffered from paralysis due to accidental fall five days after his birth. He toils day in and day out to repay his son's medical expense loan.
他21岁的儿子因出生5天后意外坠落而瘫痪,日复一日地辛辛苦苦偿还儿子的医疗费用贷款。
" After escaping from the crash, I was given the second life and offered the money to allow me do the good ", said Hedar.
“我逃离了坠机,第二次被给予了生命,并给了我钱让我做好事,”海达尔说。
" After escaping from the crash, I was offered the second life and offered the money to allow me do the good ", said Hedar.
海达尔说,“我逃离了坠机,第二次被租了,还给我钱让我做好事。”
" After escaping from the crash, I was given the second life and offered the money to allow me do the good ", said Haldar.
“逃离了坠机,我被给予了第二个生命,并给了我钱让我做好事,”哈尔达尔说。
" After escaping from the crash, I was given a second life and offered the money to allow me do the good ", said Hedar.
海达尔说,“我逃离了坠机事件,又被给予了第二次生命,并借钱让我做好事。”
" After escaping from the crash, I was given the second life and offered the money to allow me do the good ", said Haidar.
海达尔说,“逃离了坠机,我被给予了第二个生命,并提供了钱让我做好事。”
" After escaping from the crash, I was given the second life and offered the money to allow me do the good ", says Hedar.
“逃离了坠机,我被给予了第二个生命,并给了我钱让我做好事,”海达尔说。
Although now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " doesn't seem to be weaker at all than that in summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Although technically it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " doesn't seem to be weaker at all than that in summer.
虽然从理论上讲,现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Since now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " doesn't seem to be weaker at all than that in summer.
由于现在是秋天的开始,“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Although now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " doesn't seem to be weaker at all than that in winter.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比冬天弱。
Although that it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " doesn't seem to be weaker at all than that in summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
Though now it is the beginning of autumn, the power of " afterheat " doesn't seem to be weaker at all than that in summer.
虽然现在是秋天的开始,但“过热”的力量似乎并不比夏天弱。
UV not only tans but also sunburns your skin, so how to enable your skin to go through the military training without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅可以晒伤皮肤,还可以晒伤皮肤,因此如何让你的皮肤不受晒伤而接受军事训练?
Sun not only tans but also sunburns your skin, so how to enable your skin to go through the military training without sunburn ?
太阳不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,所以如何让你的皮肤不受晒伤。
UV not only tans but also sunburns the skin, so how to enable your skin to go through the military training without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅可以晒伤皮肤,还可以晒伤皮肤,因此如何让你的皮肤不受晒伤而接受军事训练?
UV not only tans but also sunburns your skin, but how to enable your skin to go through the military training without sunburn ?
紫外线不仅可以晒伤皮肤,还可以晒伤皮肤,但是如何让你的皮肤不受晒伤。
It not only tans but also sunburns your skin, so how to enable your skin to go through the military training without sunburn ?
它不仅晒伤皮肤,而且还晒伤皮肤,所以如何让你的皮肤不受晒伤而经过军事训练?
This not only tans but also sunburns your skin, so how to enable your skin to go through the military training without sunburn ?
这不仅晒伤皮肤,而且晒伤皮肤,因此如何让你的皮肤不受晒伤而接受军事训练?
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF indexes include 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以UVB为对象。一般SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF indexes include 15, 40, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以UVB为对象。一般SPF指数包括15、40、50等。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF indexes include 10, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以UVB为对象。一般SPF指数包括10、30、50等。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. The common SPF indexes include 15, 25, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以UVB为对象。一般SPF指数包括15、25、50等。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. Some common SPF indexes include 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,针对紫外线。一些常见的SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
Sunblock is generally marked with SPF and PA on the package. SPF refers to Sun Protection Function and is targeted at UVB. Other common SPF indexes include 15, 30, 50, etc.
Sundlock通常在包件上标有SPF和PA。SPF是指太阳保护功能,以紫外线为对象。其他常用SPF指数包括15、30、50等。
The product marked with PA is more effective against UVA. Generally, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品对UVA效果较好,一般PA的强度用+表示,加+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is more effective against UVA. Generally, the intensity of PA is represented with +. The extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
用PA标记的产品对UVA效果较好,一般PA的强度用+表示,外加+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is more effective against UVA. Usually, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
用PA标记的产品对UVA效果较好,通常PA的强度用+表示,加上+表示有效保护时间的延长。
A product marked with PA is more effective against UVA. Generally, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
用PA标记的产品对UVA更有效。一般情况下,PA的强度用+表示。加+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is more effective against UVA. Typically, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + indicates extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品对UVA有较好的效果,通常PA的强度用+表示。加+表示有效保护时间的延长。
The product marked with PA is more effective against UVA. Generally, the intensity of PA is represented with +. An extra + denotes extension of effective protection time.
标有PA的产品对UVA效果较好,一般PA的强度用+表示,加+表示有效保护时间的延长。
People with oily skin should choose water-based sunblock with a strong penetration. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
油性皮肤的人应该选择有强渗透性的水性防晒霜。防晒霜也是很好的选择。
People with oily skin can choose water-based sunblock with a strong penetration. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
油性皮肤的人可以选择水性防晒霜,渗透性强,防晒霜也是很好的选择。
People with oily skin may choose water-based sunblock with a strong penetration. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
油性皮肤的人可以选择渗透性强的水性防晒霜,防晒霜也是很好的选择。
Users with oily skin should choose water-based sunblock with a strong penetration. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
油性皮肤的用户应选择渗透性强的水性防晒霜,防晒霜也是很好的选择。
Those with oily skin should choose water-based sunblock with a strong penetration. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
油性皮肤的人应该选择有强渗透性的水性防晒霜。防晒霜也是很好的选择。
People with oily skin should choose oil-based sunblock with a strong penetration. Sunscreen spray is also a good choice.
油性皮肤的人应该选择具有强渗透性的油性防晒霜。防晒霜也是很好的选择。
People with dry skin should choose creamy sunscreen. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
皮肤干燥者应选择奶油防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒霜产品。
Persons with dry skin should choose creamy sunscreen. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
皮肤干燥者应选择奶油防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒霜产品。
Individuals with dry skin should choose creamy sunscreen. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
皮肤干燥者应选择防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然防晒产品。
People with dry skin should choose creamy sunscreen. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. Therefore it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
皮肤干燥者应选择奶油防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒霜产品。
Those with dry skin should choose creamy sunscreen. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
皮肤干燥者应选择防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何护肤品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯净的物理防晒产品。
People with dry skin can choose creamy sunscreen. The classification of neutral skin generally has no strict rules. Any kind of skin care products are burden to the sensitive skin. So it is recommended to choose pure physical sunscreen products.
皮肤干燥者可以选择奶油防晒霜。中立皮肤的分类通常没有严格的规则。任何种类的护肤产品都会对敏感的皮肤造成负担。因此建议选择纯天然的防晒霜产品。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to be completely absorbed into the skin.
记得提前半个小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全吸收到肌肤中。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to be fully absorbed into the skin.
记得提前半个小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全吸收到皮肤上。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, since sunscreen products take time to be completely absorbed into the skin.
记住提前半个小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全吸收到皮肤上。
Remember to apply sunblock about an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to be completely absorbed into the skin.
记住在大约一个小时前涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全吸收到皮肤中。
Remember to apply sunblock for an hour in advance, because sunscreen products take time to be completely absorbed into the skin.
记住预先涂上防晒霜一小时,因为防晒霜产品需要时间才能完全吸收到皮肤中。
Remember to apply sunblock half an hour in advance, because sunscreen products need time to be completely absorbed into the skin.
记得提前半个小时涂上防晒霜,因为防晒产品需要时间才能完全吸收到皮肤上。
Because you are exposed to the sunshine longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect and should never be lazy.
由于你在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,并且绝不应该懒惰。
Because you are exposed to the sunshine longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every three hours to lengthen the effect and should never be lazy.
由于你在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每三个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,并且绝不应该懒惰。
Since you are exposed to the sunshine longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect and should never be lazy.
既然你在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长这种效果,并且永远不要懒惰。
Because you are exposed to the sunshine longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every four hours to lengthen the effect and should never be lazy.
由于你在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每四小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,并且绝不应该懒惰。
If you are exposed to the sunshine longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two hours to lengthen the effect and should never be lazy.
如果你在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两个小时涂一次防晒产品来延长效果,并且绝不应该懒惰。
Because you are exposed to the sunshine longer during the military training, you have to apply the sunscreen products once every two weeks to lengthen the effect and should never be lazy.
由于你在军事训练中长时间暴露在阳光下,你必须每两周涂一次防晒霜产品来延长效果,并且永远不要懒惰。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
由于皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,所以不要在经过训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
As your skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
由于你的皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,不要马上使用美白的产品后,从军训回来。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products when returning from military training.
由于皮肤刚被太阳的缘故所刺激,在经过军事训练回来时不要立即使用美白产品。
As the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products upon returning from military training.
由于肌肤刚受到太阳的刺激,所以不要在训练回来后立即使用美白产品。
When the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
当皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,不要立即使用美白的产品后,从军训回来。
If the skin has just been stimulated by the sun's sake, do not immediately use whitening products after returning from military training.
如果皮肤刚受到太阳的刺激,不要立即使用美白的产品后,从军训回来。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,并在条件允许时减轻局部热量。
Following exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,并在条件允许时减轻局部热量。
After being under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
在长时间的烈日下,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,如情况许可,则减轻局部热量。
After standing under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
在长时间的烈日下站立,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,如情况许可,则减轻局部热量。
After sitting under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin and alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间坐在炎热的阳光下,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤,如情况许可,则减轻局部热量。
After exposure under the blazing sun for quite a long time, please wrap the ice with towel to ease the sunburned skin or alleviate the local heat if condition allowed.
长时间暴露在烈日下后,请用毛巾裹住冰块,以免晒伤皮肤或缓解局部热量。
The cumulative subsidy policy will remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition. Farmers can obtain 40 % of agricultural subsidies.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可以获得40%的农业补贴。
A cumulative subsidy policy will remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition. Farmers can obtain 40 % of agricultural subsidies.
展览期间,购买农业机械的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可以获得40%的农业补贴。
This cumulative subsidy policy will remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition. Farmers can obtain 40 % of agricultural subsidies.
展览期间,这项累积补贴政策仍将用于购买农业机械,农民可以获得40%的农业补贴。
The cumulative subsidy policy will remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition. Farmers can obtain 25 % of agricultural subsidies.
展览期间,购买农机的累积补贴政策仍将适用,农民可以获得25%的农业补贴。
The farm subsidy policy will remain available for buying agricultural machinery during the exhibition. Farmers can obtain 40 % of agricultural subsidies.
展览期间,农场补贴政策仍将用于购买农业机械,农民可以获得40%的农业补贴。
The cumulative subsidy policy will remain available for buying agricultural machinery at the exhibition. Farmers can obtain 40 % of agricultural subsidies.
展览会将保留购买农业机械的累积补贴政策,农民可以获得40%的农业补贴。
This trade show invites investment and exhibitions worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览会邀请全世界投资并举办展览,尤其加强了对与"带子和道路倡议"相关的各国和目标市场国家的邀请。
The trade show invites investment and exhibitions worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
贸易展览会邀请全世界投资及展出,特别是邀请各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
This trade show invites investment and exhibitions internationally. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
此次展销会邀请国际投资及展览,特别是邀请各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
This trade show promotes investment and exhibitions worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
此次展销会在全球推广投资及展览活动,特别是邀请各国及目标市场国家参与「带与路」计划。
This trade show invites investment and exhibitions worldwide. In addition, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这一贸易展览会邀请全世界投资并举办展览,此外,还提高了各国和与"带子和道路倡议"相关的目标市场国家的邀请。
This trade show presents investment and exhibitions worldwide. In particular, it enhances the invitation on countries and target market countries related to the Belt and Road Initiative.
这次贸易展览会向全世界展示了投资和展览,特别是加强了对各国和与"带子和道路倡议"相关的目标市场国家的邀请。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额32亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 4. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额42亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 2. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总计22亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of funds, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额32亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 1. 2 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总金额12亿元。
This exhibition strives to accomplish 60 investment signing projects, introduce 22 billion yuan of fund, sign more than 160 trade contracts, which totaled 3. 3 billion Yuan.
本次展会力争完成60个投资签约项目,引进资金220亿元,签署贸易合同160多份,总计33亿元。
It is reported that the reason for " Hunan Exposition " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of the manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,“湖南博览会”连续七年在卢迪落成,是湖南卢迪制造业的坚实基础,该行业有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It is reported that the reason for " Hunan Exposition " to be settled in Loudi for five consecutive years is the strong foundation of the manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,“湖南博览会”连续5年在卢迪落成,是湖南卢迪制造业的坚实基础,该行业有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It is reported that the reason for " Hunan Exposition " to be settled in Loudi for four consecutive years is the strong foundation of the manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,“湖南博览会”连续四年在卢迪落成,是湖南卢迪制造业的坚实基础,湖南卢迪有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It was reported that the reason for " Hunan Exposition " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years is the strong foundation of the manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,“湖南博览会”连续七年在卢迪落成,是湖南卢迪制造业的坚实基础,该行业有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It is reported that the reason for " Hunan Exposition " to be settled in Loudi for three consecutive years is the strong foundation of the manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,湖南湖南博览会连续三年在卢迪落成,是湖南洛迪制造业的坚实基础,该行业有着悠久的工业发展历史。
It is reported that the reason for " Hunan Exposition " to be settled in Loudi for seven consecutive years was the strong foundation of the manufacturing industry in Loudi, Hunan, which boasted long history of industrial development.
据报道,湖南“湖南博览会”连续七年在卢迪落成,是湖南卢迪制造业的坚实基础,湖南卢迪有着悠久的工业发展历史。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与世界90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As a host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
Being the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries around the world.
卢迪作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,与世界90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries across the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与世界上90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 60 countries around the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与全球60多个国家建立了贸易关系。
As the host place of " Hunan Exposition ", Loudi has established trade relationship with more than 90 countries throughout the world.
作为“湖南博览会”的主办地,卢迪与世界上90多个国家建立了贸易关系。
" Hunan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地地方培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Henan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“河南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hainan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“海南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Jiangnan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“江南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Tainan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and promote the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“台南博览会”已成为当地培育特色产业发展、促进特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
" Hunan Exposition " has become an important platform for the local place to cultivate the development of characteristic industries and encourage the " going-out " of characteristic industries.
“湖南博览会”已成为当地地方培育特色产业、鼓励特色产业“走出”的重要平台。
During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go farther.
在某些夜晚,离子化层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
On some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go farther.
在某些夜晚,离子化层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
In some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go farther.
在某些夜晚,离子化层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
During the nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal can go farther.
夜间,电离层中充斥着自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可以向前推进。
During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal may go farther.
在某些夜晚,离子层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号可能更远。
During some nights, the ionized layer is full of free electrons, which means that the radio signal will go farther.
在某些夜晚,离子层中充满了自由电子,这意味着无线电信号会更远。
The US Air Force was interested in copying this effect, the website of Popular Science, an American monthly magazine, reported on August 11 ,.
美国空军有兴趣复制这一效应,美国月刊《大众科学》网站8月11日报道。
The US Air Force was interested in copying this effect, the website of Popular Science, an American monthly magazine, reported on July 11 ,.
美国空军有兴趣复制这一效应,美国月刊《大众科学》网站7月11日报道。
The US Air Force was interested in copying this effect, the website of Popular Science, an American monthly magazine, reported on October 11 ,.
据美国月刊《大众科学》10月11日报道,美国空军有兴趣复制这一效应。
The US Air Force was interested in copying this effect, the website of Popular Science, an American monthly magazine, reported on June 11 ,.
美国空军有兴趣复制这一效应,美国月刊《大众科学》网站6月11日报道说。
The US Air Force was interested in copying this effect, the website of Popular Science, an American monthly magazine, reported on April 11 ,.
美国空军有兴趣复制这一效应,美国月刊《大众科学》网站4月11日报道。
The US Air Force was interested in copying this effect, the website of Popular Science, an American monthly magazine, reported on March 11 ,.
美国空军有兴趣复制这一效应,据美国月刊《大众科学》网站3月11日报道。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, this may not appeal to the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但美国空军可能不会对此感兴趣。
Although a stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, this may not appeal to the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但这对美国空军来说可能没有吸引力。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons can help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, this may not appeal to the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但美国空军对此可能并不感兴趣。
While the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons may help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, this may not appeal to the US Air Force.
虽然拥有大量自由电子的稳定电离层可以帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但美国空军可能不会如此。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons will help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, this may not appeal to the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定的电离层将帮助人们收听大学无线电台边缘的无线电,但美国空军对此可能并不感兴趣。
Although the stable ionizing layer with a large number of free electrons might help people listen to the radio at the edge of a university radio station, this may not appeal to the US Air Force.
尽管拥有大量自由电子的稳定电离层可能帮助人们收听大学广播电台边缘的无线电,但美国空军可能不会如此。
Ionization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充斥电子的离子化层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 的信号从太阳风暴中消失。
Ionized layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充满电子的电离辐射层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,它可能防止了全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
Ionizing layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
满载电子的电离辐射层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
Polarization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充满电子的极化层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
Ionization layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signals from the solar storm.
充斥电子的离子化层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 发出太阳风暴的信号。
Ionic layer full of electrons indicated the radio used by the military has a larger range of broadcasts. In addition, it may prevent the global positioning system ( GPS ) signal from the solar storm.
充斥电子的离子层表明,军方使用的无线电广播范围更大,此外,还可能防止全球定位系统 ( GPS ) 受到太阳风暴的干扰。
The ultimate goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
The primary goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
主要目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
The main goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
主要目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
The ultimate goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. It may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强电离层。
The design goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer when necessary.
设计目标可以是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时可以增强离子层。
The ultimate goal may be to build a series of cube satellite according to the requirement. They may enhance ionization layer where necessary.
最终目标可能是根据要求建立一系列的立方卫星,必要时还可以增强离子层。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
But first, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原则是有效的。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force should prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签定合同的团队应该证明科学原则是有效的。
But also, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
但同样,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原则是有效的。
And firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work.
首先,与空军签署合同的团队必须证明科学原理会起作用。
But firstly, the team that signed contract with the air force will prove that the scientific principles will work.
但是首先,与空军签署合同的团队将证明科学原则是有效的。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 2. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到28亿吨。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 3. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到38亿吨。
Industry statistics showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
行业统计数据表明,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry studies showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 1. 8 billion tons.
行业研究表明,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到18亿吨。
Industry data showed that the total size of coal production in 2015 was close to 6 billion tons and the national coal production overcapacity reached 5. 8 billion tons.
工业数据显示,2015年煤炭总产量接近60亿吨,全国煤炭生产能力过剩达到58亿吨。
Over the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Within the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
During the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
In the past decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Over the last decade, the State Council has issued a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Over the past decade, the State Council has made a total of five notices for the elimination of excessive and backward production capacity.
近十年来,国务院共发布了5项消除产能过剩落后的通知。
Although the first four notices did not directly target the coal industry, the target industry is directly related to the coal industry.
虽然前四次通知并非直接针对煤炭工业,但目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
While the first four notices did not directly target the coal industry, the target industry is directly related to the coal industry.
前四项通知并非直接针对煤炭工业,而目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
Although the first three notices did not directly target the coal industry, the target industry is directly related to the coal industry.
虽然前三则通知并非直接针对煤炭工业,但目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
As the first four notices did not directly target the coal industry, the target industry is directly related to the coal industry.
由于前四次通知并非直接针对煤炭工业,目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
Although the first four notices did not directly target the coal industry, the target industry was directly related to the coal industry.
虽然前四次通知并不直接针对煤炭工业,但目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
Since the first four notices did not directly target the coal industry, the target industry is directly related to the coal industry.
由于前四次通知并非直接针对煤炭工业,目标工业与煤炭工业直接相关。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5, 500 kcal steam coal lingered at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into deficits.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在370元/吨之间,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 3, 500 kcal steam coal lingered at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into deficits.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛3500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在370元/吨之间,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 6, 500 kcal steam coal lingered at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into deficits.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛6500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在370元/吨之间,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 4, 500 kcal steam coal lingered at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into deficits.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛4500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在370元/吨之间,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 2, 500 kcal steam coal lingered at 370 yuan / ton and 90 % of the coal enterprises fell into deficits.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛2500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在370元/吨之间,90%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
From last November to this January, the price of Qinhuangdao 5, 500 kcal steam coal lingered at 370 yuan / ton and 80 % of the coal enterprises fell into deficits.
从去年11月到今年1月,秦皇岛5500千卡蒸汽煤的价格徘徊在370元/吨之间,80%的煤炭企业出现亏损。
And since February, coal prices have gradually picked up, and Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, hit a 16-month high and once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton compared with the beginning of this year.
今年2月以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,创下16个月新高,一度攀升至每吨436元,较年初增长近70元。
And from February, coal prices have gradually picked up, and Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, hit a 16-month high and once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton compared with the beginning of this year.
2月份以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,创下16个月新高,一度攀升至每吨436元,较年初增长近70元。
And by February, coal prices have gradually picked up, and Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, hit a 16-month high and once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton compared with the beginning of this year.
到2月,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,创下16个月新高,一度攀升至每吨436元,较年初增长近70元。
And since February, coal prices have gradually picked up, and Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for six weeks, hit a 16-month high and once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton compared with the beginning of this year.
二月以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨六周,创16个月以来的新高,一度攀升至每吨436元,较年初增长近70元。
And since February, coal prices have gradually picked up, and Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for three weeks, hit a 16-month high and once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton compared with the beginning of this year.
今年2月以来,煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨3周,创下16个月新高,一度攀升至每吨436元,较年初增长近70元。
And in February, coal prices have gradually picked up, and Qinhuangdao steam coal prices rose continuously for four weeks, hit a 16-month high and once climbed to 436 yuan per ton, up nearly 70 yuan per ton compared with the beginning of this year.
今年2月煤炭价格逐步回升,秦皇岛蒸汽煤炭价格持续上涨4周,创下16个月新高,一度攀升至每吨436元,较年初增长近70元。
With the price rising comes concerns of all walks of life : Will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
随着物价的上涨,各行各业都担心:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
With coal price rising comes concerns of all walks of life : Will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
随着煤炭价格上涨,各行各业都担心:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
With fuel price rising comes concerns of all walks of life : Will a number of small coal mines resume production ?
随着燃油价格的上涨,各行各业都担心:一些小煤矿会恢复生产吗?
With the price rising comes concerns of all walks of life : Will a number of small coal mines continue production ?
随着物价的上涨,各行各业都担心:一些小煤矿会继续生产吗?
With the price rising comes concerns of all walks of life : Will a number of small coal mines cease production ?
随着物价上涨,各行各业都担心:一些小煤矿会停止生产吗?
With the price rising comes concerns of all walks of life : Will a number of small coal mines stop production ?
随着物价的上涨,各行各业都担心:一些小煤矿会停止生产吗?
In this regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In that regard, Kuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长光贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, Zang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长曾贤明对此进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, Xiang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
为此,中国 ( 海南 ) 改革发展研究所所长祥贤明进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, Kuang Xianming, director of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
中国 ( 海南 ) 改革发展经济研究所所长光贤明对此进行了分析与阐释.
In this regard, Zhuang Xianming, head of the Economic Research Institute of the China ( Hainan ) Reform and Development Institute, conducted an analysis and interpretation.
中国 ( 海南 ) 经济研究所所长庄贤明对此进行了分析与阐释.
Overcapacity reduction roused high concerns of various parties. The report on the overcapacity reduction by the coal industry announced today worried everyone indeed, according to Kuang Xianming.
煤炭业产能过剩问题引起各方高度关注。
Overcapacity reduction roused high concerns of various parties. A report on the overcapacity reduction by the coal industry announced today worried everyone indeed, according to Kuang Xianming.
煤炭业产能过剩问题引起各方的高度关注。
Overcapacity reduction roused high concerns of various parties. The report on the overcapacity reduction by the coal industry announced today worried everyone indeed, according to Zang Xianming.
产能过剩引发了各方的高度关注。据Zang Xianming说,煤炭行业的产能过剩报告今日公布,令所有人都感到担忧。
Overcapacity reduction roused high concerns of various parties. The report on the overcapacity reduction by the coal industry released today worried everyone indeed, according to Kuang Xianming.
煤炭业产能过剩问题引起各方的高度关注。
Overcapacity reduction roused high concerns of various parties. The report on the overcapacity reduction by the coal industry announced today worried everyone indeed, according to Zhuang Xianming.
产能过剩引起了各方的高度关注。据庄建明说,关于煤炭行业产能过剩的报导今天宣布,这确实令大家担忧。
Overcapacity reduction roused high concerns of various parties. The report on the overcapacity reduction by the coal industry announced today worried everyone indeed, according to Xiang Xianming.
产能过剩引发了各方的高度关注。据祥相明介绍,煤炭行业产能过剩报告今日公布,令所有人都感到担忧。
These three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这三个表面因素反映了我国增长模式相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These two superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这两个表面因素反映了相对滞后于我们增长模式变化的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
The three superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
三个表面因素反映了相对滞后的增长模式变化背后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These more superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这些更肤浅的因素反映了我们增长模式变化相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These very superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这些非常肤浅的因素反映了我们增长模式变化相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
These seemingly superficial factors reflect the reason behind the relative lagging behind of our growth pattern change. That is, the government-led growth has not yet been fundamentally changed.
这些表面上看似肤浅的因素反映了我们增长模式变化相对滞后的原因,即政府主导的增长尚未根本改变。
Second, it is also directly related to the force of local governments. During the overcapacity reduction process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be put into place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,与地方政府的力量也直接相关,在降低产能过剩的过程中,应落实资金和相应的配套措施,从这一点看,不同地区的差别确实较大。
Furthermore, it is also directly related to the force of local governments. During the overcapacity reduction process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be put into place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
此外,这与地方政府的力量也直接相关,在降低产能过剩的过程中,应落实资金和相应的支持措施,从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别的确相对较大。
Moreover, it is also directly related to the force of local governments. During the overcapacity reduction process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be put into place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
此外,这与地方政府的力量也直接相关,在降低产能过剩的过程中,应落实资金和相应的支持措施,从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别的确相对较大。
However, it is also directly related to the force of local governments. During the overcapacity reduction process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be put into place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
然而,它也与地方政府的力量直接相关,在减少产能过剩的过程中,应该落实资金和相应的支持措施,从这一点来看,不同地区的差别确实较大。
Second, it is also directly related to the force of local governments. In the overcapacity reduction process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures should be put into place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其二,与地方政府的力量也直接相关,在降低产能过剩过程中,应落实资金和相应的配套措施,从这一点看,不同地区的差别的确较大。
Second, it is also directly related to the force of local governments. During the overcapacity reduction process, the funds and the corresponding supporting measures must be put into place. From this point of view, the differences are indeed relatively large among different regions.
其次,它与地方政府的力量也直接相关,在降低产能过剩的过程中,必须落实资金和相应的支持措施,从这个角度来说,不同地区的差别确实较大。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress during the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能面临更大的风险。
Secondly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第二, 一些 进展 相对 缓慢 的 省份 如果 在 下 半年 寻求 进展 的 加快, 可能 会 面临 更大 的 风险 。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress will face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,将面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are very slow in progress may face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展非常缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,可能会面临更大的风险。
Thirdly, some of the provinces that are relatively slow in progress would face greater risks if they seek acceleration in progress in the second half of the year.
第三,一些进展相对缓慢的省份如果在下半年寻求加快进展,将面临更大的风险。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of capacity reduction may have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以促进降低能力的进程,可能会产生消极影响。
In that case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of capacity reduction may have a negative impact.
在 这种 情况 下, 依靠 中央 津贴 来 筹集 资金 来 促进 能力 减少 的 过程, 可能 会 产生 消极 的 影响 。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of capacity reduction can have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以促进降低能力的进程,可能会产生消极影响。
In this case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of capacity reduction will have a negative impact.
在这种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以促进减产进程,将产生消极影响。
In either case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of capacity reduction may have a negative impact.
在这两种情况下,依靠中央津贴筹集资金,以促进减产过程,都可能产生负面影响。
In any case, relying on the central allowance to raise funds to promote the process of capacity reduction may have a negative impact.
无论如何, 依靠 中央 津贴 来 筹措 资金 来 促进 能力 减少 的 过程, 可能 会 产生 消极 的 影响 。
First, overcapacity reduction is not a simple total quantity control.
首先, 产能过剩不是简单的总量控制.
First, subcapacity reduction is not a simple total quantity control.
首先, 减产不是简单的总量控制.
First, recapacity reduction is not a simple total quantity control.
首先, 减产不是简单的总量控制.
First, decapacity reduction is not a simple total quantity control.
首先, 降低产能不是简单的总量控制.
First, supercapacity reduction is not a simple total quantity control.
首先, 减产不是简单的总量控制.
First, microcapacity reduction is not a simple total quantity control.
首先, 微容量的减少不是简单的总量控制.
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新格局。
Our aim is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目的是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新格局。
Our objective is to eliminate the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新格局。
Our goal is to reduce the backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是降低落后产能,促进结构优化,调整整个煤炭工业的新格局。
Our goal is to eliminate the backward production capacity, accelerate the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除落后的生产能力,加快结构优化,调整整个煤炭行业的新格局。
Our goal is to eliminate this backward production capacity, promote the optimization of the structure and restructure the new format of the entire coal industry.
我们的目标是消除这种落后的生产能力,促进结构优化和整个煤炭工业新格局的调整。
During the process of overcapacity reduction deployment, the local governments must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在降低产能过剩的部署过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相关的服务产业。
During this process of overcapacity reduction deployment, the local governments must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在降低产能过剩的部署过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相关的服务产业。
In the process of overcapacity reduction deployment, the local governments must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在降低产能过剩的部署过程中,地方政府必须结合产能和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相关的服务产业。
During the process of incapacity reduction deployment, the local governments must combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在降低能力配置过程中,地方政府必须结合生产能力和煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相关服务产业。
During the process of overcapacity reduction deployment, the local governments must combine the production capacity and the expansion and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在降低产能过剩的部署过程中,地方政府必须结合产能与煤炭产业的扩大和升级,发展相关的服务产业。
During the process of overcapacity reduction deployment, the local governments can combine the production capacity and the transformation and upgrading of the coal industry to develop the relevant service industry.
在产能过剩的配置过程中,地方政府可以结合产能与煤炭产业的改造升级,发展相关服务产业。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity reduction task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Finally, in order to complete this year's overcapacity reduction task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
最后,为了在今年内完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity reduction task during this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Second, in order to complete this year's incapacity reduction task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年的减产任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Second, in order to complete this year's overcapacity reduction task in this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年完成今年的产能过剩任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Second, in order to complete this year's decapacity reduction task within this year, we must give full play to the power of administrative supervision.
第二,要在今年内完成今年的减产任务,必须充分发挥行政监督权。
Finally, we should strengthen the protection role of social security.
最后, 加强社会保障的保护作用.
Moreover, we should strengthen the protection role of social security.
此外, 我们 还 应 加强 社会 保障 的 保护 作用 。
Further, we should strengthen the protection role of social security.
此外, 我们 还 应 加强 社会 保障 的 保护 作用 。
Furthermore, we should strengthen the protection role of social security.
此外, 我们 还 应 加强 社会 保障 的 保护 作用 。
Therefore, we should strengthen the protection role of social security.
因此, 加强社会保障的保护作用.
Finally, we must strengthen the protection role of social security.
最后,加强社会保障的保护作用。
Because the market is directly related to the employment issue, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
Because labor market is directly related to the employment issue, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于劳动力市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
Because labour market is directly related to the employment issue, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于劳动力市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强对雇员的就业技能培训。
Since the market is directly related to the employment issue, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
As the market is directly related to the employment issue, we have to strengthen the employment skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
Because the market is directly related to the employment issue, we have to strengthen the job skills training of employees.
由于市场与就业问题直接相关,我们必须加强员工的就业技能培训。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" One reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term. "
“排名下降的一个原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。”
" Another reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the medium term. "
排名下降的另一个原因是,预计巴西的GDP增长在中期会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the near term. "
排名下降的原因是巴西GDP增长预计在短期内会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the short term. "
排名下降的原因是,预计巴西GDP增长在短期内会恶化。
" The reason for the ranking decline is that Brazilian GDP growth is expected to worsen in the long term. "
排名下降的原因是,从长远来看,巴西GDP增长预计会恶化。
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
In 2016, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2016年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的5.
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 2. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为2.7%,低于2014年的5.
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 4. 7 %, down from 5. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为4.7%,低于2014年的5.
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 7. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的7.7%。
In 2015, Brazil's participation in global direct investment was 3. 7 %, down from 4. 7 % in 2014.
2015年,巴西对全球直接投资的参与率为3.7%,低于2014年的4.
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞信国际投资吸引力指数包括四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The Global Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷全球投资吸引力指数包括四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The Total Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞士信贷总投资吸引力指数包括四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The Direct Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse includes four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞信直接投资吸引力指数包括四项分项指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse includes five sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞信国际投资吸引力指数包括基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资5个子指标。
The International Investment Attractiveness Index of Credit Suisse contains four sub-indices : infrastructure, economic outlook, business environment and direct investment.
瑞信国际投资吸引力指数包含四项次级指数:基础设施、经济前景、商业环境和直接投资。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
In 2016, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2016年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 7 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.7亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 6 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2013.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.6亿美元,低于2013年的731亿美元。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 4 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.4亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
In 2015, Brazil's international direct investment was $ 64. 3 billion, down from $ 73. 1 billion in 2014.
2015年,巴西的国际直接投资为64.3亿美元,低于2014年的731亿美元。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 3. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降3.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 5. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂的投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降5.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 4. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降4.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 8 billion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂投资模式下)为178亿美元,较上年同期下降2.1%。
Last year, Brazil's " green investment " ( in the investment model of building factories abroad ) was $ 17. 9 billion, a year-on-year fall of 1. 1 %.
去年,巴西的“绿色投资”(在海外工厂的投资模式下)为17.9亿美元,较上年同期下降1%。
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2013 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2013年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2005 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2005年至2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2012 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2012年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2003 to 2011 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 2003年至2011年平均每年增长314个. ”
" There are 288'green land investment'projects in Brazil, with an average annual rise of 314 from 2007 to 2014 ".
“ 巴西有288个绿地投资项目, 从2007年到2014年平均每年增长314个. ”
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 8 billion, an increase of nearly 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.8亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 7 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到3370亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 9 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到33.9亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 4 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到334亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
However, in the first half of 2016, the international direct investment in Brazil had reached $ 33. 6 billion, an increase of almost 10 per cent compared to the same period last year.
然而,2016年上半年,巴西的国际直接投资达到336亿美元,与去年同期相比增长了近10%。
Original Title : Canadian Police Kill IS Supporters : Preparations for Homemade Bomb Downtown Attack Near the End
原标题:加拿大警方杀人事件支援者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击的准备工作
Main Title : Canadian Police Kill IS Supporters : Preparations for Homemade Bomb Downtown Attack Near the End
主要标题:加拿大警方杀人事件支援者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击的准备工作
Full Title : Canadian Police Kill IS Supporters : Preparations for Homemade Bomb Downtown Attack Near the End
全文:加拿大警方的杀人支援者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击的准备工作
Original Title : Canadian Police Kill IS Supporters : Preparations for Handmade Bomb Downtown Attack Near the End
原标题:加拿大警方杀人事件支援者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击的准备工作
Episode Title : Canadian Police Kill IS Supporters : Preparations for Homemade Bomb Downtown Attack Near the End
剧目:加拿大警方的杀人支持者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击的准备工作
Original Title : Canadian Police Kill IS Supporters : Preparations for Homemade Bomb Downtown Attack Near The End
原标题:加拿大警方杀人事件支援者:近乎尾声的自制炸弹袭击的准备工作
The taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived, according to the taxi company.
据这家出租车公司称,在警察赶到之前,出租车被派到了德雷弗斯。
The taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus when the police arrived, according to the taxi company.
据这家出租车公司称,警察抵达时,出租车被派到了德雷福斯。
The car was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived, according to the taxi company.
据出租汽车公司称,在警察赶到之前,汽车被派到了德雷福斯。
The driver was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived, according to the taxi company.
据出租汽车公司称,司机在警察到达之前被派到德雷福斯。
A taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived, according to the taxi company.
据这家出租车公司称,在警察赶到之前,一辆出租车被派到了德雷福斯。
The ambulance was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived, according to the taxi company.
据出租汽车公司称,救护车在警察到达之前被派到德雷夫斯。
Canadian police said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”。
Canadian police said during a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”。
Canadian police said in a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”。
Canadian officials said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will strike.
加拿大官员星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”。
Canadian media said at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will strike.
加拿大媒体星期三在新闻发布会上说,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”。
Canadian police stated at a news conference on Wednesday that the information received by the police included the " martyrdom video " sent by the young man to the US Federal Bureau of Investigation. According to the video, the young man will strike.
加拿大警方星期三在新闻发布会上表示,警方收到的消息包括这名年轻人给美国联邦调查局的“殉难录像”。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat was reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴着黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a black Barakella hat started reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人开始读《可兰经》,提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man with a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一个戴着黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man in a black Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
据德国人的声音说,在录像中,一名戴着黑色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
According to the German voice, in the video, a man wearing a white Barakella hat is reading the " Koran ", referred to the crime against Muslims, and vowed to attack a Canadian city sooner.
根据德国的声音,在录像中,一名戴白色巴拉卡勒帽的人正在读《可兰经》,其中提到对穆斯林的犯罪,并发誓要更早地攻击一个加拿大城市。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He stated in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72小时内和高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack will occur within 24 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在24小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He says in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
他说,在录像中,攻击将在72小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He states in the video, the attack will occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
He said in the video, the attack would occur within 72 hours, and in the rush hour.
他在录像中说,攻击将在72小时内发生,在高峰期发生。
The incident marks the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the occurrence of an incident since the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这一事件标志着自加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台以来,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
This incident marks the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the occurrence of an incident since the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这一事件标志着自加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台以来,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident marks the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the occurrence of an incident since the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to office last year.
这一事件标志着自加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上任以来,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident marks the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the occurrence of an incident since the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came into power last year.
这一事件标志着自加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台以来,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The incident marks the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the occurrence of an incident since the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power this year.
这一事件标志着自加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多今年上台以来,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The attack marks the first time for the police to kill terror suspects before the occurrence of an incident since the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau came to power last year.
这次袭击事件标志着自加拿大总理贾斯汀·特鲁多去年上台以来,警方首次在事件发生前杀害恐怖嫌疑人。
The Old Wanfu River and Beidaliu branch channels of the Upgraded Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Will Charge Tolls Since September 1.
自九月一日以来,老万福河和北大运河分渠升级改造北京至杭州大运河收费收费。
The Old Wanfu River and Suidaliu branch channels of the Upgraded Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Will Charge Tolls Since September 1.
自九月一日以来,老万福河和苏达留支道升级的京杭大运河将收费收费。
The Old Wanfu River and Zidaliu branch channels of the Upgraded Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Will Charge Tolls Since September 1.
自九月一日以来,老万福河和柴达留支道升级的京杭大运河将收费收费。
The New Wanfu River and Beidaliu branch channels of the Upgraded Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Will Charge Tolls Since September 1.
自九月一日起,新万福河和北大运河分渠改版京杭大运河收费收费。
The Old Wanfu River and Shuidaliu branch channels of the Upgraded Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Will Charge Tolls Since September 1.
自九月一日以来,老万福河和顺达支道上升级的京杭大运河将收费收费。
The Lower Wanfu River and Beidaliu branch channels of the Upgraded Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal Will Charge Tolls Since September 1.
自九月一日起,下万福河和北大运河分渠升级改造北京至杭州大运河收费收费。
The two tributaries will be transformed via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资方式进行改造,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
These two tributaries will be transformed via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资方式进行改造,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
The remaining tributaries will be transformed via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
其余支流将通过社会融资方式进行改造,费用经省级有关部门批准。
The two tributaries would be transformed via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
这两个支流将通过社会融资方式进行改造,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
Its two tributaries will be transformed via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
其两个支流将通过社会融资方式进行改造,费用已经相关省级政府部门批准。
The major tributaries will be transformed via social financing. The charges have been approved by the relevant provincial government departments.
主要支流将通过社会融资方式进行改造,费用经省级有关部门批准。
The old Wanfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
万福河古河水流经金香、玉泰,又经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The old Wanfu River channel flows through Pingxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
万福河的老河道经平香、裕泰,又经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The old Hefu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
河福河道经金香、玉泰、南阳湖流经京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The old Huangfu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
黄福河的老河道经金香、玉泰流经南阳湖,进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长度为32.5公里。
The old Yufu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
古老的裕府河道经金香、玉泰流经南阳湖,进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长32.5公里。
The old Xifu River channel flows through Jinxiang, Yu Tai and then through the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 32. 5 km.
旧西福河的航道经金香、玉泰,然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航道长度为32.5公里。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on some deep-water segments and some sharp curves were cut so that the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,对一些深水段进行疏浚,并切断一些锋利的曲线,以改善航行条件。
Due to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on some deep-water segments and some sharp curves were cut so that the navigation conditions can be improved.
由于航行需要,万福河的旧航道采用养护和变换的方式,在一些深水段进行疏浚,并切断一些锋利的曲线,以改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted on some deep-water segments and some sharp curves were cut so that the navigation conditions could be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,对一些深水段进行疏浚,并切断一些锋利的曲线,以改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted along some deep-water segments and some sharp curves were cut so that the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,沿一些深水段进行疏浚,并剪切一些尖曲线,以改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted in some deep-water segments and some sharp curves were cut so that the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,在一些深水段进行疏浚,并剪切一些尖曲线,以改善航行条件。
According to the navigation needs, the old Wanfu River channel takes the mode of conservation and transformation. Dredging was conducted at some deep-water segments and some sharp curves were cut so that the navigation conditions can be improved.
根据航行需要,万福河老河道采用养护和变换方式,在深水段进行疏浚,并剪切一些尖曲线,以改善航行条件。
The channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng District and then the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
航道经仁城县金乡县,然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel flows through Pingxiang County, Rencheng District and then the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
这条航道经城县平乡县,然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel flows through Fengxiang County, Rencheng District and then the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
航道经城县凤凰县,然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The channel flows through Dongxiang County, Rencheng District and then the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
航道经城县东乡县,然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
This channel flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng District and then the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
该航道经仁城县金乡县,然后经南阳湖进入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The canal flows through Jinxiang County, Rencheng District and then the Nanyang Lake into the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal main channel, with a total length of 19 km.
运河经仁城县金香县和南阳湖流入京杭大运河主航道,总航程19公里。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City.
两条水路的翻新工程于2011年2月开始施工,交付检查于2015年1月进行,投资建设和运营主体是济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway began construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City.
两条水路的翻新工程于2011年2月开始施工,交付检查于2015年1月进行,投资建设和运营主体是济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. A delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City.
两条水路的翻新工程已于二零零一年二月开工施工,并于二零零五年一月进行送货检查,主要投资建设及营运机构是济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2014. The investment construction and operation main body is the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City.
两条水路的翻新工程于二○○一年二月开工施工,并于二○○四年一月进行交付检查,主要建设及营运机构是济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in February 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in February 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City.
两条水路的翻新工程于2011年2月开始施工,2015年2月进行交付检查,主要投资建设和运营主体是济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
The renovation project of the two waterway started construction in November 2011. The delivery inspection was conducted in January 2015. The investment construction and operation main body is the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City.
两条水路的翻新工程于2011年11月开始施工,交付检查于2015年1月进行,投资建设和运营主体是济宁市安平运河物流服务中心。
In accordance with the principle of " borrowing for construction and charging for repaying loan ", the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市安平运河物流服务中心按照“建设贷款、还贷收费”的原则,按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准征收隧道通行费。
In line with the principle of " borrowing for construction and charging for repaying loan ", the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市安平运河物流服务中心将按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取隧道通行费。
In accordance with the principle of " borrowing for construction and charging for repaying loan ", the Heping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市雪平运河物流服务中心按照“建设贷款和还贷收费”的原则,按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取隧道收费。
In accordance with the principle of " borrowing for construction and charging for repaying loan ", the Gaoping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市高平运河物流服务中心按照“建设贷款、还贷收费”的原则,按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准征收隧道通行费。
In accordance with the principle of " borrowing for construction and charging for repaying loan ", the Anping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City will collect channel tolls according to a charge standard approved by the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市安平运河物流服务中心根据“建设贷款和还贷收费”的原则,按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准征收隧道收费。
In accordance with the principle of " borrowing for construction and charging for repaying loan ", the Changping Canal Logistics Service Center of Jining City will collect channel tolls according to the charge standard approved by the Shandong Provincial Price Bureau.
济宁市长平运河物流服务中心按照“建设贷款和还贷收费”的原则,按照山东省物价局核定的收费标准收取隧道收费。
Among them, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among them, the basic toll is 2. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为2.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里干重.
Among these, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among them, the basic toll is 0. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为0.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里干重.
Of them, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为0.05元/公里湿重.
Among them, the basic toll is 1. 75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 1. 05 yuan / km dwt.
其中, 基本通行费为1.75元/湿重,里程费为1.05元/公里湿重.
The toll collection period is from June 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
收费期为2016年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll collection period is from June 15, 2014 to June 14, 2019.
收费期为2014年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll collection period is from June 15, 2015 to June 14, 2019.
收费期为2015年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll collection period is from June 15, 2017 to June 14, 2019.
收费期为2017年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll collection period is from June 15, 2016 until June 14, 2019.
收费期为2016年6月15日至2019年6月14日。
The toll collection period is from May 15, 2016 to June 14, 2019.
收费期为2016年5月15日至2019年6月14日。
Reporters learned from the Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within the Jining region, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁区内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、百马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters learned from the Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within the Jining region, including Zhushuihe Channel, Sima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁区内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、司马河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters learned from the Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within the Jining region, including Zhushuihe Channel, Shima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁区内共有4条收费通道,包括竹井河航道、示拉河航道、北港航道和老湾福航道。
Reporters learned from the Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within the Jining region, including Dongshuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Laowanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁区内共有4条收费通道,包括东水河道、百马河道、北达康道和老湾府道。
Reporters learned from the Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within the Jining region, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Dawanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁区内共有4条收费通道,包括珠风河道、百马河道、北达康道和道府道。
Reporters learned from the Jining Port and Waterway Bureau that there are a total of 4 toll channels within the Jining region, including Zhushuihe Channel, Baima River Channel, Beidahang Channel and Xiwanfu Channel.
记者从济宁港水利局获悉,济宁区内共有4条收费通道,包括珠风河道、百马河道、北达港道和西wanfu海峡。
These four channels are branch channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, which were upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河的支流渠道,通过社会融资方式,对大运河进行升级改造。
These three channels are branch channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, which were upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这三个渠道是京杭大运河的支流渠道,在社会融资方式上得到了更新和改造。
The four channels are branch channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, which were upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
四个频道是京杭大运河的分频道,通过社会融资方式进行升级改造。
These two channels are branch channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, which were upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这两个渠道是京杭大运河的支流渠道,通过社会融资方式对其进行了更新和改造。
These canal channels are branch channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, which were upgraded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这些运河渠道是京杭大运河的支流渠道,通过社会融资方式对其进行了更新和改造。
These four channels are branch channels of the Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, which were expanded and renovated in the way of social financing.
这四个渠道是北京杭州大运河的支流渠道,在社会融资方式上得到了扩展和改造。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong Province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund fills the funding gap.
朱水河通道升级改造工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,社会基金填补了资金缺口。
Hongshuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong Province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund fills the funding gap.
虹水河道升级改造工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中第一个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,在投资中占主要部分,而社会基金填补了资金缺口。
Xishuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong Province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund fills the funding gap.
上水河道升级改造工程是山东省江、港基础设施建设中第一个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,在投资中占主要部分,而社会基金填补了资金缺口。
Dongshuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong Province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund fills the funding gap.
东水河道升级改造工程是山东省内江河和港口基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,在投资中占主要部分,而社会基金填补了资金缺口。
Qingshuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports within Shandong Province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund fills the funding gap.
清水河道升级改造工程是山东省江、港基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,在投资中占主要部分,而社会基金填补了资金缺口。
Zhushuihe Channel Upgrade Renovation Project is the first project adopting the mode of " government + market " for the infrastructure construction of river and ports in Shandong Province. The government accounts for the major part of investment while social fund fills the funding gap.
珠井河道升级改造工程是山东省江、港基础设施建设中首个采用“政府+市场”模式的项目,占投资主体部分,社会基金填补了资金缺口。
Baima River, Laowanfu River, Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt a pure market operation.
百麻河 、 老万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Sima River, Laowanfu River, Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt a pure market operation.
司马河 、 老万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima River, Laowanfu River, Suidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt a pure market operation.
百麻河 、 老万福河 、 苏达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima River, Laowanfu River, Tidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt a pure market operation.
百麻河 、 老万福河 、 潮流河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Shima River, Laowanfu River, Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt a pure market operation.
岛麻河 、 老万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
Baima River, Dawanfu River, Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt a pure market operation.
百麻河 、 达万福河 、 贝达留河等支线采用纯市场化经营方式.
The funds allocated by the national finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金无法满足项目建设的需要,也限制了渠道升级工作的进展。
The resources allocated by the national finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资源无法满足项目建设的需要,也限制了渠道升级工作的进展。
The funds allocated by the national finance cannot satisfy the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的需要,也不能限制渠道升级的进度。
The funds allocated by the national finance cannot fulfill the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金无法满足项目建设的需要,制约了信道升级的进度。
The funds allocated by the national finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction or restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政划拨的资金不能满足项目建设的需要,也不能限制渠道升级的进度。
The funds provided by the national finance cannot meet the needs of the project construction and restrict the progress of the channel upgrade.
国家财政提供的资金无法满足项目建设的需要,也限制了渠道升级工作的进展。
Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的社会基金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Social incentives for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
建设公共基础设施的社会激励措施符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Social funds for the construction of public infrastructure fall in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的社会基金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Public funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的公共资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
State funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
国家公共基础设施建设资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
The funds for the construction of public infrastructure are in line with national policy requirements and have become a way to break the bottleneck of funding.
用于建设公共基础设施的资金符合国家政策要求,已成为打破资金瓶颈的途径。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表演,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Xing Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
星泽陶在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现使得许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 200 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在200米自由泳半决赛中的表演使许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-finals has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现使得许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao's performance in the 400 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
宁泽涛在400米自由泳半决赛中的表演,使许多中国观众无言以对。
Niu Zetao's performance in the 100 meters freestyle semi-final has made a lot of Chinese audience speechless.
牛泽东在百米自由泳半决赛中的表现使得许多中国观众无言以对。
Ning Zetao once again exceeded people's " base line " in the 50-meter freestyle preliminary.
在50米自由泳预赛中,宁泽东再次超越了人们的“基线”。
Xing Zetao once again exceeded people's " base line " in the 50-meter freestyle preliminary.
在50米自由泳预赛中,星泽陶再次超越了人们的“基线”。
Nia Zetao once again exceeded people's " base line " in the 50-meter freestyle preliminary.
在50米自由泳预赛中,妮亚·泽塔奥再次超越了人们的“基线”。
Ning Zetao once again exceeded people's " base line " in the 100-meter freestyle preliminary.
在100米自由泳预赛中,宁泽东再次超越了人们的“基线”。
Ning Zetao once again exceeded people's " base line " in the 200-meter freestyle preliminary.
在200米自由泳预赛中,宁泽东再次超越了人们的“基线”。
Ning Zetao once again exceeded people's " base line " in the 50-meter freestyle final.
在50米自由泳决赛中,宁泽东再次超越了人们的“基线”。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the strength of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicated that it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的强项,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明,他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Unfortunately, this 50-meter freestyle is not the strength of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicated that it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
不幸 的 是, 这个 50 米 的 自由 式 赛 并非 宁 泽 陶 的 实力, 他 在 喀 山 世界 冠军 赛 的 表现 和 最佳 成绩 也 表明, 他 不可能 在 这个 项目 中 取得 突破 。
However, this 50-meter freestyle is not the strength of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicated that it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
然而,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的强项,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩也表明,他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the strength of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships has indicated that it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的强项,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩表明,他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle is not the strength of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships have indicated that it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这种50米的自由式并非宁子都的强项,他在喀山世界锦标赛中的表现和最佳成绩表明,他不可能在这个项目中有所突破。
Actually, this 50-meter freestyle was not the strength of Ning Zetao. His performance and best achievement in Kazan World Championships also indicated that it is not possible for him to make breakthrough in this project.
事实上,这个50米自由式的比赛并非宁子都的强项,他在喀山世界锦标赛上的表现和最佳成绩也表明他不可能在这个项目上有所突破。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,Ning Zetao输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose was that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体Ta Kung Pao透露,Ning Zetao输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Heng Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体塔公宝(Ta Kung Pao)透露,恒子涛输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Chong Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体塔公宝(Ta Kung Pao)透露,庄泽涛输掉的最大原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Ning Zetao to lose is that she has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体塔公宝(Ta Kung Pao)透露,宁泽涛输掉的最大原因是她对游泳失去了兴趣。
Sure enough, Ta Kung Pao, an authoritative media in Hong Kong, revealed that the biggest reason for Xing Zetao to lose is that he has lost interest in swimming.
诚然,香港权威媒体塔公宝(Ta Kung Pao)透露,令他输的最大的原因是他对游泳失去了兴趣。
Many factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多因素都会影响他将来的想法,他现在更想进入娱乐圈了。
These factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
这些因素对他的未来想法可能有很大影响,他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
Both factors may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
这两种因素都会对他的未来想法产生重大影响,他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
Many things may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多事情都对他的未来想法有很大影响,他现在更想进入娱乐圈了。
Many factors may have a large impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多因素可能对他的未来想法有较大的影响。他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
Many events may have a great impact on his future ideas. He is now more interested in entering the entertainment circle.
许多事件可能对他的未来想法有重大的影响。他现在更有兴趣进入娱乐圈。
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao immediately became a celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁泽东立刻成为了名人,他英俊的外表和出色的表现.
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao quickly became a celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁泽东很快成为了名人,他英俊的外表和出色的表现.
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao soon became a celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁子都很快成为了名人,他英俊的外表和出色的表现.
During Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao immediately became a celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛上, 宁子都立刻成为了名人,他英俊的外表和出色的表现.
After Kazan World Championships, Ning Zetao immediately became a celebrity with his striking look and excellent performance.
在喀山世界锦标赛之后, 宁泽东立刻以其惊人的外观和出色的表现成为了名人.
After the World Championships, Ning Zetao immediately became a celebrity with his good look and excellent performance.
在世界锦标赛之后, 宁泽东立刻以他英俊的外表和出色的表现成为了名人.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " young fresh meat ", " Adonis ", etc. became his labels continuously.
结果, “ 乡亲 ” 、 “ 年轻鲜肉 ” 、 “ 阿多尼 ” 等都成了他的标签.
As a consequence, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " young fresh meat ", " Adonis ", etc. became his labels continuously.
结果, “ 乡亲 ” 、 “ 年轻鲜肉 ” 、 “ 阿多尼 ” 等都成了他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " young fresh meat ", " Adonis ", etc. were his labels continuously.
结果, “ 乡下丈夫 ” 、 “ 嫩肉 ” 、 “ 阿多尼 ” 等都是他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " young fresh meat ", " Adonis ", etc. became his labels again.
结果, “ 乡亲 ” 、 “ 嫩肉 ” 、 “ 阿多尼 ” 等又成了他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " young fresh meat ", " Adonis ", etc. are his labels continuously.
结果, “ 乡亲 ” 、 “ 年轻鲜肉 ” 、 “ 阿多尼 ” 等都是他的标签.
As a result, " national husband ( a good match ) ", " young fresh meat ", " Adonis ", etc. became his labels too.
结果, “ 乡亲 ” 、 “ 嫩肉 ” 、 “ 阿多尼 ” 等也成了他的标签.
A variety of business activities came to him. A good fortune has offered him a golden flashing prospect.
各种商业活动纷纷来到他身边,幸运的是他闪闪发光的前景。
A number of business activities came to him. A good fortune has offered him a golden flashing prospect.
他多次出差活动,运气好,使他有了一个闪闪发光的前景。
A lot of business activities came to him. A good fortune has offered him a golden flashing prospect.
他有很多商业活动,运气好,使他有了一个闪闪发光的前景。
A variety of business activities came to him. A good fortune has offered him the golden flashing prospect.
各种商业活动纷纷来到他身边,幸运地使他拥有了闪闪发光的美好前景。
A variety of business activities came to him. His good fortune has offered him a golden flashing prospect.
各种商业活动纷纷来到他身边,他的好运给他带来了一个闪闪发光的美好前景。
A variety of business activities came to him. This good fortune has offered him a golden flashing prospect.
各种商业活动纷纷来到他身边,这段好运给他带来了一个闪闪发光的美好前景。
In this case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In this case, that Heng Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,衡子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In this case, that Ning Zetao decides to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,宁子陶决定退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In this case, that Xing Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这种情况下,辛子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In this case, that Ning Zetao refuses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
在这个例子中,宁子都拒绝退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
In any case, that Ning Zetao chooses to withdraw and joins the entertainment circle, is not only his freedom, but also a seemingly viable way.
无论如何,宁子陶选择退出并加入娱乐圈,不仅是他的自由,也是一条看似可行的途径。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After some study, he can star in some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一些研究,他能够以自己的声望在一些电视剧中主演。
After all, he is only 19 years old. After some study, he can star in some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才19岁,经过一些研究,他能够以自己的声望在一些电视剧中主演。
After all, he is only 23 years old. After some study, he can star in some television series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一些研究,他能以自己的声望在电视剧中主演。
After all, he is only 25 years old. After some study, he can star in some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才25岁,经过一些研究,他能够以自己的声望在一些电视剧中主演。
After all, he is just 23 years old. After some study, he can star in some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才23岁,经过一些研究,他能够以自己的声望在一些电视剧中演出。
After all, he is only 20 years old. After some study, he can star in some TV series with his popularity.
毕竟,他才20岁,经过一些研究,他能够以自己的声望在一些电视剧中演出。
But Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶需要看看,他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比。
But Heng Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,恒泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比。
But Xing Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,星泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比.
But Chong Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,庄泽陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比.
But Ning Zetao has to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但宁泽陶必须看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比.
But Ning Yuetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors.
但是,宁裕陶需要看看他是否有足够的资格与他的前任相比。
At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of his athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的刘宣结束了他的运动员生涯。
During the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of his athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的刘宣结束了他的运动员生涯。
At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Wang Xuan came to the end of his athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的王宣结束了他的运动员生涯。
At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Zhang Xuan came to the end of his athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的张宣结束了他的运动员生涯。
After the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of his athlete career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会之后,已经21岁的刘宣结束了他的运动员生涯。
At the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games, the already 21-year-old Liu Xuan came to the end of his athletic career.
在2000年悉尼奥运会上,已经21岁的刘宣结束了他的运动生涯。
The stylish appearance of Liu Xuan impressed people and also laid a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的时尚外观给人们留下了深刻的印象,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The stylish appearance of Liu Xuan drew people and also laid a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的时尚外观吸引了人们,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The stylish appearance of Liu Xuan attracted people and also laid a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的时尚外观吸引了人们,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The stylish appearance of Liu Xuan impressed people and also created a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的时尚外观给人们留下了深刻的印象,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The stylish appearance of Liu Xuan impressed people and also provided a foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的时尚外观给人们留下了深刻的印象,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
The stylish appearance of Liu Xuan impressed people and also laid the foundation for her to join the entertainment circle.
刘宣的时尚外观给人们留下了深刻的印象,也为她加入娱乐圈奠定了基础。
After retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and set up her own studio in 2013.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,并在2013年建立了自己的演播室。
Following retirement, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and set up her own studio in 2013.
退休后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,并在2013年建立了自己的演播室。
After retirement, Liu Xuan acted in a number of TV series, and set up her own studio in 2013.
退休后,刘宣参加了许多电视剧,并在2013年建立了自己的演播室。
After retirement, Liu Xuan appeared in a number of TV series, and set up her own studio in 2013.
退休后,刘宣出现在一些电视连续剧中,并在2013年建立了自己的工作室。
After graduation, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and set up her own studio in 2013.
毕业后,刘宣主演了几部电视剧,并在2013年建立了自己的演播室。
After this, Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series, and set up her own studio in 2013.
此后,刘宣主演了多部电视剧,并在2013年建立了自己的演播室。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 3 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两届奥运会的单场和双场10米比赛,夺得了3枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Bian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 2 gold and 2 silver.
边梁参加了两届奥运会的单程和双程10米比赛,夺得了2枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 1 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两届奥运会的单程和双程10米比赛,夺得了1枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 5 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两届奥运会的单程和双程10米比赛,赢得5枚金牌和2枚银牌。
Tian Liang participated in the single and double ten-meter match of two Olympic Games, and won 4 gold and 2 silver.
田亮参加了两届奥运会的单程和双程10米比赛,并夺得了4枚金牌和2枚银牌。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the 10-meter single match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会10米单场比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞技状态滑了下来,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But after he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the 10-meter single match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但在2004年奥运会10米单场比赛中被对手胡佳击败后,田亮的竞技状态下滑,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia in the 10-meter single match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会10米单场比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞技状态滑了下来,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the 10-meter single match at the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会10米单场比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞技状态滑了下来,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the 10-meter single match during the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
但是当他在2004年奥运会10米单场比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,田亮的竞技状态滑了下来,据说他被跳水队开除了。
However when he was defeated by his counterpart Hu Jia at the 10-meter single match in the 2004 Olympic Games, Tian Liang's competitive state slipped and it was said he was dismissed by the diving team.
然而,当他在2004年奥运会10米单场比赛中被对手胡佳击败时,天亮的竞技状态却滑了下来,据说他被跳水队开除了。
But when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? " he became a focus.
但是当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 表演时,他成了一个焦点。
Then when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? " he became a focus.
然后,当他带着女儿参加“爸爸,我们往哪里走?”的杂耍表演时,他变得聚精会神了。
But when he took along his daughter to participate in a variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? " he became a focus.
但是当他带着女儿参加一个杂耍表演《爸爸,我们往哪里走?》时,他成了一个焦点。
So when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? " he became a focus.
所以当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 表演时,他成了一个焦点。
And when he took along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? " he became a focus.
当他带着女儿参加“爸爸, 我们去哪里? ” 表演时,他成为一个焦点。
But when he brought along his daughter to participate in the variety show " Dad, Where Are We Going ? " he became a focus.
但是当他带着女儿去参加“爸爸,我们去哪里?”的杂耍表演时,他变得聚精会神了。
The once gold generation including Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in various forms of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代,包括杨薇、李小鹏和陈宜彬,都参加了各种类型的变种表演。
The once gold generation including Yang Wei, Liu Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in various forms of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代,包括杨薇、刘晓鹏和陈宜彬,都参加了各种类型的变种表演。
The once gold generation including Yang Wei, Zhang Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in various forms of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代,包括杨薇、张晓鹏和陈宜彬,都参加了各种类型的变种表演。
The once gold generation including Yang Wei, Wang Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in various forms of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代,包括杨薇、王晓鹏和陈宜彬,都参加了各种类型的变种表演。
The once gold generation including Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Zhang Yibing all participated in various forms of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代,包括杨薇、李小鹏和张宜彬,都参加了各种类型的变种表演。
The once gold generation including Yang Wei, Li Xiaopeng and Wang Yibing all participated in various forms of variety show.
曾经的黄金一代,包括杨薇、李小鹏和王一兵都参加了各种类型的变种表演。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫甚至获得过他个人的两次全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around bronze medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫甚至获得了他个人的全方位铜牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around silver medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和李小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的两枚全能银牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Zhang Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和张小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的全能金牌两次,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Wang Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和王小鹏领导了中国队,赢得了2008年奥运会男子队的冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的两次全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
It is worth mentioning that, Yang Wei and Liu Xiaopeng led the Chinese team and won champion in the 2008 Olympic Games men's team. Yang Wei even got his individual all-around gold medal twice and was called as the Almighty King.
值得一提的是,杨卫和刘小鹏带领中国队,在2008年奥运会男子队中夺得了冠军,杨卫还获得了他个人的双枚全能金牌,并被提名为万能的国王。
And Chen Yibing has become a hoisting ring king while leading his team to win the championship in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子联赛冠军的同时,也成为了一名举拳王。
And Wang Yibing has become a hoisting ring king while leading his team to win the championship in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
王毅平在带领他的球队在2012年奥运会男子球队中获得冠军的同时,也成为了一名举拳王。
And Chen Yibing has become a hoisting ring king while guiding his team to win the championship in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队在2012年奥运会男子联赛中获得冠军的同时,也成为了一名举拳王。
And Chen Yibing will become a hoisting ring king while leading his team to win the championship in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈一兵将成为一名举拳王,带领他的球队在2012年奥运会男子球队中获得冠军。
And Chen Yibing would become a hoisting ring king while leading his team to win the championship in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子联赛冠军时,将成为一名举拳王。
And Chen Yibing had become a hoisting ring king while leading his team to win the championship in the 2012 Olympic Games men's team.
陈宜彬在带领他的球队赢得2012年奥运会男子联赛冠军时,成为了一名举拳王。
But after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the Rondon Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但在罗登奥运会中,他被误判并输掉了金牌之后,他的慷慨之举赢得了众多的乐趣。
But when he was misjudged and lost the gold in the Rondon Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是当他被误判并输掉了荣登奥运会的金牌时,他那宽宏大量的行为给他赢得了很多乐趣。
But though he was misjudged and lost the gold in the Rondon Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是,尽管他在荣登奥运会上被误判并输掉了金牌,他那慷慨的行为还是赢得了很多乐趣。
But after he was misjudged and lost the gold at the Rondon Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但在罗登奥运会上,他被误判并输掉了金牌之后,他那宽宏大量的行为给他赢得了很多乐趣。
But although he was misjudged and lost the gold in the Rondon Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
但是,尽管他在荣登奥运会上被误判并输掉了金牌,但是他的慷慨之举却赢得了众多乐趣。
Even after he was misjudged and lost the gold in the Rondon Olympic Games, his magnanimous act won him so many funs.
即使他在荣登奥运会上被误判并输掉了金牌之后,他的慷慨之举也给他赢得了很多乐趣。
However, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
Instead, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
相反,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的节目。
However, these game players only focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家只关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, these game players never focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
然而,这些游戏玩家从不关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
Therefore, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety show.
因此,这些游戏玩家主要关注场馆,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的表演。
However, these game players mainly focus on the venue, they just touch and then go at the variety shows.
然而,这些游戏玩家主要关注的是场地,他们只是触摸,然后去不同的节目。
However, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
然而,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
Therefore, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
因此,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
Thus, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
因此,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
Moreover, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
此外,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
Also, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they need to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
另外,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都需要提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
However, no matter whether they are retired or active athletes, they have to provide outstanding performance to win in the entertainment circle.
然而,无论他们是退役运动员还是活跃的运动员,他们都必须提供优秀的表演才能赢得娱乐圈。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a blank state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此在能力和联系上对他们来说只是一个空白状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is only a blank state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此,在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空白状态。
After all, athletes have just entered into a new area, so it is just a blank state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚进入了一个新的领域,所以在能力和联系上对他们来说,这只是一个空白的状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is still a blank state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此在能力和联系方面,他们仍是一片空白。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so there is just a blank state for them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,所以在能力和联系方面,运动员们只是处于一个空白状态。
After all, athletes have just stepped into a new area, so it is just a blank state to them in case of capabilities and connection.
毕竟,运动员们刚刚步入一个新领域,因此在能力和联系上对他们来说只是一个空白状态。
Even for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是天亮和刘宣,在娱乐圈里也不是什么新鲜事,人们在提到他们的时候,总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
Even with Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是在娱乐圈里并不新鲜的田亮和刘玄,人们在提到他们的时候,总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
Except for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
除了天亮和刘宣,在娱乐圈里并不新鲜,一般人总是在提到他们的时候想到他们在奥运会上的表演。
Even like Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使是像天亮和刘宣一样,在娱乐圈里也不是什么新鲜事,人们在提到他们的时候总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
Even after Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
即使在天亮和刘宣这两个在娱乐圈里并不新鲜的人之后,人们在提到他们的时候,总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
As for Tian Liang and Liu Xuan, who are not new in the entertainment circle, common people always think of their performance at the Olympic Games when mentioning them.
至于天亮和刘宣,他们在娱乐圈里并不新鲜,在提到他们的时候,老百姓总是会想起他们在奥运会上的表演。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng in the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng on the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Zhao Wei and Li Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
并且赵薇和李小鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Li Xiaopeng to the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和李小鹏的演唱总是奥运会的冠军。
And the introduction of Yang Wei and Liu Xiaopeng at the variety show is always Olympic Games Champion.
杨薇和刘晓鹏在综艺表演中始终是奥运会的冠军。
Compared with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Compared to these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
与这些人相比, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么好.
Together with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
和这些人一起, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么伟大.
But with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
但是对于这些人来说, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔并不怎么伟大.
Even with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
即便有了这些人, 宁泽陶这个游泳世界冠军的头衔也不是那么伟大.
And with these people, the title of Ning Zetao, a swimming world championship, is not so great.
和这些人, 宁泽陶的头衔, 游泳世界冠军, 并不那么伟大.
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的退却会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback could cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤离经过一些挫折后,可能对其形象的负面影响产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Zhang Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、张玄和杨薇等山峰的撤离相比,宁泽东在23日的撤离经过一些挫折后,将对其形象的负面影响产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Bian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与边梁、刘玄和杨薇等在山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的撤离经过一些挫折后,将对其形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Moreover, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback will cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
此外,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等山峰的撤离相比,宁泽东在23日的撤离经过一些挫折后,将对其形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
Therefore, compared with the withdrawal of Tian Liang, Liu Xuan and Yang Wei, etc. at their peaks, the withdrawal of Ning Zetao at 23 after some setback would cause immeasurable effects to the negative influence of his image.
因此,与天亮、刘玄、杨薇等山峰的撤离相比,宁泽涛在23日的退却会对他形象的负面冲击产生不可估量的影响。
After all, at the mention of athletes, they are required to be " not all-time success but no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,他们被要求“不是永远成功,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After all, at the mention of athletes, they are required to be " not all-time success but no fear of danger ". Xing Zetao lags far behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,他们被要求“不是永远成功,而是不怕危险”。
After all, at the mention of athletes, they are required to be " not all-time success but no fear of danger ". Heng Zetao lags far behind from this point.
归根结底,在提到运动员时,他们被要求“不是永远成功,而是不怕危险”。恒泽陶远远落后于这一点。
Above all, at the mention of athletes, they are required to be " not all-time success but no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
首先,在提到运动员时,他们被要求“不是永远成功,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After this, at the mention of athletes, they are required to be " not all-time success but no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
之后,在提到运动员时,他们被要求“不是永远成功,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
After that, at the mention of athletes, they are required to be " not all-time success but no fear of danger ". Ning Zetao lags far behind from this point.
此后,在提到运动员时,他们被要求“不是永远成功,而是不怕危险”。宁泽陶远远落后于这一点。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的球迷的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on her great looks to win the support of thousands of fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠她的伟大外表赢得数以千计的球迷的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of millions of fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以百万计的球迷的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao could totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of fans.
至少,宁泽东完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的球迷的支持。
At the very least, Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to gain the support of thousands of fans.
至少,宁子都完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的球迷的支持。
At the very least, Heng Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of fans.
至少,恒泽陶完全可以依靠他的伟大外表赢得数以千计的球迷的支持。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
It becomes a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练就更难出名了。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by simply relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,仅仅依靠良好的外观而不是训练就很难出名了。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle than just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里出名远比只靠外表好而不是靠训练好要难得多。
It was a lot more difficult to be famous in the entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
It is a lot more difficult to be famous in an entertainment circle by just relying on good appearance than training.
在娱乐圈里,只要靠外表好,而不是靠训练,就很难出名了。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You need to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
你需要在人生的道路上倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. And as for how to choose, Ning Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,对于如何选择,宁子都应该有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao must be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都一定很有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Ning Zetao will be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,宁子都非常有意识。
You have to listen to your inner voice on your life path. But as for how to choose, Lung Zetao should be quite conscious.
在人生的道路上,你必须倾听你内心的声音,但是对于如何选择,龙泽陶应该很有意识。
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看, 在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感.
On the surface, the online social platform increases our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看,在线社交平台增加了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感。
On the surface, the online social platform expands the social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看, 在线社交平台拓展了社交圈,降低了人们的孤独感.
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and decreases people's loneliness.
从表面上看, 在线社交平台拓展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感.
On the surface, the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces one's loneliness.
从表面上看,在线社交平台扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了一个人的孤独感。
On the surface, the online social network expands our social circle and reduces people's loneliness.
从表面上看, 在线社交网络扩展了我们的社交圈,减少了人们的孤独感.
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了当前的社会生活。
This sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life.
社交网络的这一影响领域不仅取代了传统的电话联系,而且还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了当前的社会生活。
The level of influence of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life.
社交网络的影响力水平不仅取代了传统的电话联系方式,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了当前的社会生活。
The sphere of activity of social networking not only replaces the traditional telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life.
社交网络活动领域不仅取代了传统的电话联系,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了当前的社会生活。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the ordinary telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了普通的电话联系,还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了当前的社会生活。
The sphere of influence of social networking not only replaces the normal telephone contact, but also gets down to the offline living circle, quietly changing the current social life.
社交网络的势力范围不仅取代了正常的电话联系,而且还下至离线生活圈,悄然改变了当前的社会生活。
The benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly favored by young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见的、方便快捷的,因此尤其受到年轻人的青睐。
The advantages of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly favored by young people.
在线社交网络的优势是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此尤其受到年轻人的青睐。
The features of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is particularly favored by young people.
在线社交网络的特征明显、方便、快捷,尤其受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is especially favored by young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,尤其受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are obvious, easy and quick, so it is particularly favored by young people.
在线社交网络的优点显而易见、容易、快捷,因此特别受到年轻人的青睐。
The benefits of online social network are obvious, convenient and quick, so it is generally favored by young people.
在线社交网络的效益是显而易见、方便快捷的,因此受到了广大青年的青睐。
A survey of college students'social habits showed that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and are almost inseparable to mobile phones during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A study of college students'social habits showed that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and are almost inseparable to mobile phones during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的研究显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits showed that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and are almost inseparable to mobile phones during their everyday lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits shows that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and are almost inseparable to mobile phones during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits found that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and are almost inseparable to mobile phones during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查发现,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
A survey of college students'social habits showed that 57 % of college students spend more than 5 hours on mobile phone and are nearly inseparable to mobile phones during their daily lives.
一项对大学生社会习惯的调查显示,57%的大学生在手机上花费的时间超过5个小时,在日常生活中与手机几乎是密不可分的。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯同步,这符合现代大学生的需求。
" This network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯同步,满足了现代大学生的需求。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication between several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人与人之间的联动,这符合现代大学生的需求。
" The network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯同步,满足了现代大学生的需求。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and simultaneous communication among several people. It meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络具有成本低、传输速度快、人际通讯速度快等特点,符合现代大学生的需求。
" Social network features low cost, fast transmission speed and direct communication among several people. This meets the requirement of modern college students. "
社会网络的特点是成本低、传输速度快、人际交流直接,这符合现代大学生的需求。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are the major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are the main reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are the primary reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are the major reasons for us to become fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是我们对在线聊天产生兴趣的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship network, more equal dialogue, avoiding social concerns are the major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系网络,加强平等对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋在线聊天的主要原因。
Expanding the interpersonal relationship circle, more open dialogue, avoiding social concerns are the major reasons for us to be fascinated with online chat.
扩大人际关系圈,进行更公开的对话,避免社会关注,是令我们迷恋网上聊天的主要原因。
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform links people closer. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。在社交平台上的喜欢和评论,让人更贴近。”
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. Our likes and comments on social platform links people closer. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。在社交平台上,我们喜欢和评论的人会更贴近一些。”
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform brings people closer. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让人们更亲近。”
Newcomers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform links people closer. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。在社交平台上的喜欢和评论,让人更贴近。”
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " People are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform links people closer. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“我们刚来公司时,人们并不熟悉彼此。在社交平台上的喜欢和评论将人们联系得更紧密。”
New comers in the company love online exchange with colleagues. " We are not familiar with each other when we just come to the company. The likes and comments on social platform bring people closer. "
公司新来的人喜欢在线与同事交流。“刚来公司时,我们并不熟悉彼此。社交平台上的喜欢和评论让人们更亲近。”
People who love to make friends also love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后,我们又变得熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. They became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的接触。在小组聊天后,他们又变得熟悉了。”
Those who love to make friends also love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
那些喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的接触。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. I became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的接触。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我又变得熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also love online communication. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We got familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的联系。在小组聊天后我们又重新熟悉了。”
People who love to make friends also love online interaction. " I lost contact with my friends due to some misunderstandings. We became familiar again after a few dialogues on the group chatting. "
喜欢交朋友的人也喜欢在线交流。“由于一些误解,我失去了与朋友的接触。在小组聊天的几场对话之后,我们又重新熟悉了。”
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lover. His majority social life occurred online and the total number of his online friends are several times more than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线朋友总数是网外朋友的数倍。
Software engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lover. His majority social life occurred online and the total number of his online friends are several times more than that of offline friends.
软件工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线朋友总数是网外朋友的数倍。
IT engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lover. His majority social life occurred online and the total number of his online friends is several times more than that of offline friends.
IT工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线朋友总数是网外朋友的数倍。
IT professional Wu Yan is a profound social networking lover. His majority social life occurred online and the total number of his online friends are several times more than that of offline friends.
IT专业的吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线朋友总数是网外朋友的数倍。
IT entrepreneur Wu Yan is a profound social networking lover. His majority social life occurred online and the total number of his online friends are several times more than that of offline friends.
IT企业家吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线朋友总数是网外朋友的数倍。
Mechanical engineer Wu Yan is a profound social networking lover. His majority social life occurred online and the total number of his online friends are several times more than that of offline friends.
机械工程师吴彦是一位深厚的社交网络爱好者,他大多数的社交生活都发生在网上,他的在线朋友总数是网外朋友的数倍。
Wu Yan himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也承认,网络更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Li Yan himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
李彦本人也承认,网络更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu also himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴也自己也承认了网络的 “ 成分 ” 更多.
Yu Yan himself admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
于仁本人也承认网络 更加 “ 在他的元素中 ”.
Wu Yan himself admitted that the network was more " in his element ".
吴彦本人也承认, 网络 更 “ 在他的元素 ”.
Wu Yan later admitted that the network is more " in his element ".
吴彦后来承认, 网络 更加 “ 在他的元素 ”.
" You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达。
" You can respond to your friends whenever you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
”只要你愿意,你就可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达出来。
" You can respond to your friends if you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can express it more clearly.
如果你愿意,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以更明确地表达。
" You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words so you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,这样你就能更明确地表达。
" You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words and you can say it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,你可以说得更清楚。
" You can respond to your friends when you are willing, because there is a lot of time to think over the words before you can express it more clearly.
当你愿意的时候,你可以对你的朋友作出反应,因为有很多时间来考虑这些话,然后你才能更明确地表达。
" The communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" A communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的通信可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. It not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,它不仅有机动空间,甚至给彼此更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" Having communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
“隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给彼此更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。”
" Using communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other more time and space to thought and deeds. "
使用隐藏在身份证下面的通讯可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给对方更多的时间和空间来思考和行动。
" The communication hidden below one's ID can avoid interpersonal clash. This not only has room for maneuver, and even gives each other some time and space to thought and deeds. "
隐藏在身份证下面的交流可以避免人际冲突,这不仅有机动空间,甚至给彼此一些时间和空间来思考和行动。
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率。现实生活中的各种社会关注可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life can be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的言论权利和效率,在现实生活中的各种社会关注可以立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities enjoy the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人享有同等的权利和效率,在现实生活中的各种社会关注可能立即在互联网上被消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Some social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率。现实生活中的一些社会关注可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Many social concerns during real life may be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的说话权利和效率。现实生活中的许多社会关注可能立即在互联网上消除。”
" People of different identities have the same rights and efficiency to speech. Various social concerns during real life could be eliminated immediately on internet. "
“不同身份的人有相同的言论权利和效率,在现实生活中的各种社会关注可以立即在互联网上消除。”
However, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 小鹏, 吴彦的朋友, 认为吴彦是个 “ 非常无聊 ” 的.
However, Yipeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友依鹏认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊的 ”.
However, Dapeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友大鹏却认为吴彦是个 “ 非常无聊的子 ”.
Meanwhile, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " very boring otaku. "
同时, 吴彦的朋友小鹏认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊的 ”.
However, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan is a " rather boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友小鹏却认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊的 ”.
However, Xiaopeng, a friend of Wu Yan, thought that Wu Yan was a " very boring otaku. "
然而, 吴彦的朋友小鹏却认为吴彦是个 “ 无聊的 ”.
Xiaopeng and Wuyan met each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan met each other in the group chatting. The two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里聊天,他们很熟悉对方,因为他们是活跃的演说者。
Xiaotang and Wuyan met each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小唐和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiaoliang and Wuyan met each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小梁和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiaopeng and Wuyan met each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other since they are active speakers.
小鹏和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的演说者而彼此熟悉。
Xiaogang and Wuyan met each other in the group chatting. They two get familiar with each other because they are active speakers.
小刚和武岩在小组里聊天,他们因是活跃的扬声器而彼此熟悉。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is very different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴和互联网上的人很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is very bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaopeng thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. The words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小鹏认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,这些话重复了一遍,“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查看”。
Xiaotang thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小唐认为吴彦和互联网上的吴彦很不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
Xiaotong thought that Wuyan is quite different from the one on internet. He is quite bored and does not take the initiative to express his views. His words are repeated like this, " Oh, yes, right ", or " I will check it online ".
小通认为吴炎和互联网上的人大不一样,他很无聊,没有主动表达自己的观点,他的话是这样反复的:“噢,是的,对的”,或者“我在网上查一下”。
The Lingshui police have been involved in the investigation while the Lingshui traffic authority will intensify its efforts to rectify illegal operations of vehicles.
灵水警方参与了调查,而灵水交通主管部门将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法操作。
The Lingshui police have been involved in the investigation while the Lingshui traffic authority will intensify their efforts to rectify illegal operations of vehicles.
灵水警方参与了调查,而灵水交通主管部门将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法操作。
The Lingshui police has been involved in the investigation while the Lingshui traffic authority will intensify its efforts to rectify illegal operations of vehicles.
灵水警方一直参与调查,而灵水交通主管部门将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法操作。
The Lingshui police have been involved in the investigation and the Lingshui traffic authority will intensify its efforts to rectify illegal operations of vehicles.
灵水警方参与了调查,灵水交通主管部门将加大整改车辆非法操作力度。
The Lingshui Police have been involved in the investigation while the Lingshui traffic authority will intensify its efforts to rectify illegal operations of vehicles.
灵水警方参与了调查,而灵水交通主管部门将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法操作。
The Lingshui police have been involved in the investigation while the Lingshui traffic agency will intensify its efforts to rectify illegal operations of vehicles.
灵水警方参与了调查,而灵水交通署将加大努力,纠正车辆的非法操作。
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxies of another two drivers were smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的车辆在住所被打碎。”
" A conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxies of another two drivers were smashed in the residence. "
“八月四日的冲突仍未取得调查结果。八月十一日凌晨九点左右,另外两名司机的车库被打碎。”
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet obtained investigation results. At 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxies of another two drivers were smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的出租车被打碎了。”
" The conflict on August 4 have not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxies of another two drivers were smashed in the residence. "
“八月四日的冲突仍未取得调查结果。八月十一日凌晨九点左右,另外两名司机的车库被打碎。”
" The conflict on August 4 had not yet obtained investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxies of another two drivers were smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突尚未取得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的车辆在住所被打碎。”
" The conflict on August 4 has not yet received investigation results. Around 0 o'clock on August 11, the taxies of another two drivers were smashed in the residence. "
“8月4日的冲突仍未获得调查结果。8月11日凌晨,另外两名司机的车辆在官邸被打碎了。”
" Now the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities will also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
“现在三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也加强努力进行翻修。”
" Currently the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities will also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
目前,三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也加大改造力度。
" But the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities will also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
但三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也会加大改造力度。
" Unfortunately the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities will also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
不幸的是,三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的。我们希望有关当局也加大努力进行翻修。
" Because the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities will also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
由于三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也加强努力进行翻修。
" Today the tricycle is mostly and illegally operated at night. We hope the competent authorities will also intensify efforts to carry out renovation. "
今天,三轮车大部分是在夜间非法运行的,我们希望有关当局也加强努力进行翻修。
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists at Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists on Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists in Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海的记者从凌水县公安局了解到,警方现已受理两起投诉,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists of Nanhai website learned from the Lingshui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海的记者从凌水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起投诉,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Journalists from Nanhai website learned from the Lishui Li Autonomous County Public Security Bureau that, the police have now accepted these two cases. The reasons for the two cases, who did it and whether they are related and so on still need further investigation.
南海网站的记者从丽水县公安局获悉,警方现已受理两起个案,原因何在,是否相关等仍需进一步调查。
Wang Wenyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau, said that the Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operations of passenger tricycles and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任王文义表示,岭水运输业开始整顿客轮三轮车的非法操作,并全面取缔了613辆客轮三轮车的非法操作。
Wang Jingyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau, said that the Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operations of passenger tricycles and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任王景怡表示,岭水运输业开始整顿客轮三轮车的非法运行,并全面禁止613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
Wang Shiyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau, said that the Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operations of passenger tricycles and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任王世怡表示,岭水运输业开始整顿客轮三轮车的非法操作,并全面取缔了613辆客轮三轮车的非法操作。
Liu Wenyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau, said that the Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operations of passenger tricycles and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
凌水运输局交通管理站主任刘文义表示,凌水运输业开始整顿客轮三轮车的非法操作,并全面取缔了613辆客轮三轮车的非法操作。
Li Wenyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau, said that the Lingshui transport sector began to rectify the illegal operations of passenger tricycles and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任李文仪表示,岭水运输业开始整顿客轮三轮车的非法运行,并全面禁止613辆客轮三轮车的非法运行。
Wang Wenyi, head of the traffic management station of Lingshui Transportation Bureau, said that the Lingshui transportation sector began to rectify the illegal operations of passenger tricycles and ban a total of 613 passenger tricycles of illegal operation.
岭水运输局交通管理站主任王文义表示,岭水运输业开始整顿客轮三轮车的非法操作,并全面取缔了613辆客轮三轮车的非法操作。
The next step is that the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input in rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与几个部门合作,加大投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The second step is that the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input in rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
第二步是交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与几个部门合作,加大投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The final step is that the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input in rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
最后一个步骤是交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与几个部门合作,加大投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The third step is that the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input in rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
第三步是交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与几个部门合作,加大投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The first step is that the transport sector will apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input in rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
第一步是交通部门向县政府提出申请,并与几个部门合作,加大投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车和无牌出租车等。
The next step is that the transport sector should apply to the county government and work with several departments to enhance their input in rectifying the county's tricycles, motorcycles, and unlicensed taxi, etc.
下一步是交通部门向县政府提出申请,与几个部门合作,加大投入,整顿县的三轮车、摩托车、无牌出租车等。
At 8 a. m. on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " China Health Tour " clinic service group to go to Hegou Village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午8点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中国健康旅游”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 9 a. m. on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " China Health Tour " clinic service group to go to Hegou Village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午9点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中国健康旅游”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 7 a. m. on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " China Health Tour " clinic service group to go to Hegou Village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日上午7点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者随同“中国健康旅游”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 3 a. m. on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " China Health Tour " clinic service group to go to Hegou Village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日凌晨3点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者随同“中国健康旅游”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 5 a. m. on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " China Health Tour " clinic service group to go to Hegou Village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日凌晨5点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者跟随“中国健康旅游”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
At 4 a. m. on August 11, Qilu Evening News reporter follows the " China Health Tour " clinic service group to go to Hegou Village, West Lake Township, Donggang District.
8月11日凌晨4点,齐鲁晚间新闻记者随同“中国健康旅游”诊所服务组前往东港区西湖镇河沟村。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
This village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
这个村子位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和体力方面的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is situated in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和物质条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 300 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有300多个家庭,由于经济、交通和身体条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, around 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. This has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和物质条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The village is located in the remote area, about 24 km from the urban area. There are more than 200 households in the village. It has caused many inconveniences for many middle-aged patients due to economic, transportation and physical limitations.
该村位于离市区约24公里的偏远地区,有200多个家庭,由于经济、交通和物质条件的限制,给许多中年病人造成了许多不便。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
The scope of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的范围很全面,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
The coverage of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所涵盖面很广,涉及医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, comprising medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,包括医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, including medical, surgical, respiratory, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,包括医疗、外科、呼吸道、精神病学、皮肤科和儿科。
The project of this clinic is comprehensive, involving medical, surgical, psychiatric, psychiatry, dermatology and pediatrics department.
该诊所的项目很全面,涉及医疗、外科、精神病学、精神病学、皮肤学和儿科等部门。
Many villagers learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many people learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
很多人知道诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many doctors learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多医生得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many villagers learned that clinic experts will come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多村民得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
The villagers learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
村民们得知诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
Many have learned that clinic experts would come, so they have been waiting in a small square of the village.
许多人知道诊所专家会来,所以他们一直在村里的一个小广场等候。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she had been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至还在斜坡上行走。
The 67-year-old Xue suffered from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的薛女士患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上都无法呼吸。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she farted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她一直被“哮喘”困扰着,因此她放屁,甚至还在斜坡上行走。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, and in recent years she has been affected by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,近年来,她患上了“哮喘”,气喘吁吁,甚至在斜坡上行走也喘不过气来。
The 67-year-old Xue suffers from congenital scoliosis, but in recent years she has been troubled by " asthma ", so she panted and was breathless even walking on the slope.
现年67岁的雪公主患有先天性脊椎骨质疏松症,但近年来她一直患有“哮喘”,于是她喘气,甚至还在斜坡上行走。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生告诉薛医生,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors informed Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生告诉薛博士,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors assured Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生向薛医生保证,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated by medication.
医生告诉薛医生,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors advised Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis and such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生建议薛方说,治疗慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,用药物可以缓解这类问题。
Doctors told Xue that it was almost impossible to cure chronic bronchitis but such problems may be alleviated with medication.
医生告诉薛医生,要治愈慢性支气管炎几乎是不可能的,但是用药物可以缓解这类问题。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In her dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在她的皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
At the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In a dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在一家皮肤科诊所里,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
From the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her little grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
In the dermatologist clinic, a 60-year-old man came for consultation with her young grandson.
在皮肤科诊所,一位60岁的男子前来咨询她的小孙子。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 4 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从4岁起左脚就被狂犬症缠绕着。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 5 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从5岁起,左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 11 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his right foot since 3 years old.
小孙子11岁了,从3岁起右脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 8 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子8岁了,从3岁起左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
The little grandson was aged 9 years old. He was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old.
小孙子9岁了,从3岁起左脚就被酒鬼缠住了。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这人不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
On examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查时,医生告诉老人,这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
During examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
在检查过程中,医生告诉老人这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
Upon examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
医生在检查后告诉老人,这不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examination, the doctor informed the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. And the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这人不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
After examination, the doctor told the old man that this was not barbiers but seasonal eczema. Then the doctor advised him not to use medication arbitrary to avoid treatment delay.
检查后,医生告诉老人这人不是巴比亚人,而是季节性湿疹,然后医生劝他不要任意使用药物来避免治疗延误。
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qiu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town in Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
我们在这个村庄提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇邱家县子村的另一个村庄,服务小组免费提供医疗服务。
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Ru Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town in Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
“在这个村里,我们提供了药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇Ru Jia Dian Zi村的另一个村里,服务团队提供了免费的医疗服务。”
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Hou Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town in Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
“在这个村里,我们提供了药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇侯家县子村的另一个村里,服务团队提供了免费的医疗服务。”
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Pu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town in Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
“在这个村里,我们提供了药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇普家店子村的另一个村里,服务团队提供了免费的医疗服务。”
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Gu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town in Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
“在这个村里,我们提供了药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇GujiaDianZi村的另一个村里,服务团队提供了免费的医疗服务。”
" In this village, we provided medication and ultrasound-B service, while in another village, Qu Jia Dian Zi Village of Hu Bu Town in Wulian County, free medical service was provided by the service team. "
我们在这个村庄提供药物和超声波B服务,在武连县胡布镇曲家县子村的另一个村庄,服务小组免费提供医疗服务。
This free clinic is only part of'China Health Tour'. In the days to come, other activities will to be carried out one after another. "
这个免费的诊所只是“中国健康旅游”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他的活动将接连进行。
The free clinic is only part of'China Health Tour'. In the days to come, other activities will to be carried out one after another. "
免费的诊所只是“中国健康旅游”的一部分,在未来的日子里,其他的活动将接连进行。
This medical clinic is only part of'China Health Tour'. In the days to come, other activities will to be carried out one after another. "
这个诊所只是“中国健康旅游”的一部分,在以后的日子里,其他的活动将接连进行。
This health clinic is only part of'China Health Tour'. In the days to come, other activities will to be carried out one after another. "
这个诊所只是“中国健康旅游”的一部分,在以后的日子里,其他的活动将接连进行。
This free clinic is only part of'China Health Tour'. In the days to come, other activities are to be carried out one after another. "
这个免费的诊所只是“中国健康旅游”的一部分。在以后的日子里,其他的活动将接连进行。
This free clinic is only part of'China Health Tour'. In the days to come, other activities need to be carried out one after another. "
这个免费的诊所只是“中国健康旅游”的一部分,在以后的日子里,其他的活动需要一个接一个地进行。”
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
51Walk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
51、Walk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
51Talk English Training was considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是建设在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in developing an online education industry ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是发展在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in creating an online education industry ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是创建在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in establishing an online education industry ecosystem.
51Talk英语培训被认为是建立在线教育产业生态系统的一个里程碑。
CEO Huang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is to bring the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
黄家佳首席执行官说,未来五年的策略是将世界最好的学习资源带给中国儿童。
CEO Liu Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is to bring the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
刘家佳首席执行官说,未来五年的策略是将世界最好的学习资源带给中国儿童。
CEO Zhang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is to bring the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
章佳佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Xu Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is to bring the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
徐家佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
CEO Wang Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is to bring the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
王家佳首席执行官说,未来五年的策略是将全世界最好的学习资源带给中国儿童。
CEO Li Jiajia said that the strategy for the next five years is to bring the world's best learning resources to the children of China.
李家佳首席执行官说,未来5年的战略是,为中国儿童提供世界上最好的学习资源。
It is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's main advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk”的主要优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's greatest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage is in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It was learned that " 51Talk's biggest advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
It is learned that " 51Talk's great advantage lies in its ability to meet the different needs of users of different age groups.
据悉,“51Talk的最大优势在于它能够满足不同年龄组用户的不同需求。
The global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children, said by Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming.
张立明首席操作员说,全球优质的教师资源和服务都与学生相关,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费送孩子和接孩子的宝贵时间。
A global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children, said by Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming.
张立明首席操作员说,全球优质的教师资源和服务都与学生相关,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费送孩子和接孩子的宝贵时间。
This global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children, said by Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming.
首席运营官张立铭说,这种全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生方面相关,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费送孩子和接孩子的宝贵时间。
All global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children, said by Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming.
张立明首席操作员说,所有全球优质的教师资源和服务都与学生相关,因此家长不必走得太远,也不必浪费送孩子和接孩子的宝贵时间。
The high quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so parents do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children, said by Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming.
张立明首席操作员说,高质量的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相联的,因此家长们不必走得太远,也不必浪费送孩子和接孩子的宝贵时间。
The global quality teacher resource and services are connected to the student side, so teachers do not have to travel far and waste the valuable time in sending and picking up children, said by Chief Operating Officer Zhang Liming.
张立明首席操作员说,全球优质的教师资源和服务与学生之间是相连的,因此教师不必走得太远,不必浪费送孩子和接孩子的宝贵时间。
Central Bank Extends Business License Valid Period of 27 Non-Bank Institutions Including Alipay by 5 Years
央行延长27个非银行机构(含活期5年)的营业执照有效期
Central Bank Extends Business License Valid Period of 27 Non-Bank Institutions Including Alipay by 3 Years
央行延长27个非银行机构(包括银行存款机构)的营业执照有效期3年
Central Bank Extends Business License Valid Period of 27 Non-Bank Institutions Including Alipay by 10 Years
央行延长27个非银行机构(包括支付赡养费机构)的营业执照有效期10年
Central Bank Extends Business License Valid Period of 27 Non-Bank Institutions Including Alipay by 2 Years
央行延长27个非银行机构(包括银行存款机构)的营业执照有效期,延长期限为两年
Central Bank Extends Business License Valid Period of 27 Inter-Bank Institutions Including Alipay by 5 Years
央行延长27间银行间机构(包括银行间支付)营业执照有效期5年
Central Bank Extends Business License Valid Period of 27 Non-Banking Institutions Including Alipay by 5 Years
央行延长27个非银行机构(含银行存款机构)的营业执照有效期5年
To integrate business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust the business scope of the Payment Business Licenses for payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的付款代理商《付款业务许可证》的经营范围。
To increase business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust the business scope of the Payment Business Licenses for payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为增加业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的付款代理商《付款业务许可证》的经营范围。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and enhance the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust the business scope of the Payment Business Licenses for payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的付款代理商《付款业务许可证》的经营范围。
To reduce business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust the business scope of the Payment Business Licenses for payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为了减少业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的付款代理商《付款业务许可证》的经营范围。
To save business resources, play size effect and improve the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust the business scope of the Payment Business Licenses for payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为节省业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的付款代理商《付款业务许可证》的经营范围。
To integrate business resources, play size effect and increase the efficiency of supervision, this renewal will adjust the business scope of the Payment Business Licenses for payment agencies which are proposed for merging.
为整合业务资源,发挥规模效应,提高监管效率,本次续期将调整拟合并的付款代理商《付款业务许可证》的经营范围。
The consolidated payment institutions shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
合并的支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The authorized payment institutions shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
被授权的支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The participating payment institutions shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
参与的支付机构应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The authorised payment institutions shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
获授权的支付机构应在公告日起计六个月内完成支付服务。
The consolidated payment institutions shall complete the payment service undertaking within 12 months from the date of the announcement.
合并的支付机构应当自公告之日起12个月内完成支付服务。
All consolidated payment institutions shall complete the payment service undertaking within 6 months from the date of the announcement.
所有合营的支付机构,应当自公告之日起六个月内完成支付服务。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant Payment Business Licenses after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关业务完成后,由中国人民银行办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant Payment Business Licenses when the business undertaking work is completed.
有关业务完成后,由中国人民银行办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant Payment Business Licenses once the business undertaking work is completed.
有关业务完成后,由中国人民银行办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
The People's Bank of China will handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant Payment Business Licenses until the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期,由中国人民银行办理,直至业务完成。
The People's Bank of China shall handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant Payment Business Licenses after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关《支付业务许可证》的注销、续期,由中国人民银行办理。
The People's Bank of China can handle the cancellation and renewal of the relevant Payment Business Licenses after the business undertaking work is completed.
有关业务完成后,中国人民银行可以办理有关《支付业务许可证》的注销和续期事宜。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, financial stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、财务停滞或一些付款机构申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there is serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, business stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal could reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、业务停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新可能会缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, market stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、市场停滞或一些付款代理商申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
Because there are serious business irregularities, economic stagnation or the application for the termination of business types of some payment agencies, etc., this renewal will reduce its business scope.
由于存在严重的业务违规、经济停滞或一些付款机构申请终止业务种类等情况,这种更新将缩小其业务范围。
The relevant agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within 12 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起12个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The issuing agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
发证机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within six months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The payment agencies shall, within 6 months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
付款代理机构应当自公告之日起六个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The relevant agencies shall, within three months from the date of the announcement, stop the relevant payment business in an orderly manner.
有关机构应当自公告之日起三个月内,有序停止有关支付业务。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of Payment Business Licenses in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理续领《支付业务许可证》事宜。
The People's Bank of China shall continue to carry out the renewal of Payment Business Licenses in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行继续依法办理续领《支付营业执照》的事宜。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of Payment Business Licenses in accordance with this law.
中国人民银行将继续依照本法办理《付款营业执照》的续期。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of Payment Business Licenses in accordance with Chinese law.
中国人民银行将继续依照中国法律办理《付款营业执照》的续期。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the renewal of Placement Business Licenses in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理展期《展期营业执照》。
The People's Bank of China will continue to carry out the granting of Payment Business Licenses in accordance with the law.
中国人民银行将继续依法办理《支付业务许可证》的颁发工作。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were reported temporarily.
两场4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏尼马县,暂时没有伤亡的报道。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Baima County. No casualties were reported temporarily.
两场4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏的百马县,暂时没有伤亡的报道。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 3. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. No casualties were reported temporarily.
西藏尼马县发生了两起3.4级和4.5级地震,暂时没有伤亡的报道。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Boma County. No casualties were reported temporarily.
西藏波马县发生了两起4.4级和4.5级地震,暂时没有伤亡的报道。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. Several casualties were reported temporarily.
两场4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏尼马县,暂时造成多起伤亡。
Two earthquakes with magnitude 4. 4 and 4. 5 respectively struck Tibet's Nima County. Some casualties were reported temporarily.
两场4级、4级、5级地震分别袭击了西藏尼马县,暂时造成伤亡。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster are still under statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节仍在统计核查中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and details of disaster is still under statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的细节仍在统计核查中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and reports of disaster are still under statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害报告仍在统计核查中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and effects of disaster are still under statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害的影响仍在统计核查之中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and victims of disaster are still under statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,受灾人员仍在统计核查之中。
According to the local civil affairs department, there are no casualties temporarily and cases of disaster are still under statistical verification.
据当地民政部门称,暂时没有伤亡人员,灾害案件仍在统计核查中。
Yu Bo, vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation, attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动并作了重要发言。
Yu Yang, vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation, attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席余阳出席了这次活动并作了重要演讲。
Yu Bo, vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation, attended the activity and gave an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动,并作了重要演讲。
Yu Bo, vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation, attended this activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动并作了重要发言。
Yu Bo, vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons'Federation, joined the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波参加了这次活动,并作了重要的演讲。
Yu Bo, vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Citizens'Federation, attended the activity and made an important speech.
城市残疾人联合会副主席于波出席了这次活动并作了重要演讲。
The attending leaders worked together to award a tablet for the second " Love Yuanshan " Lei Feng private car fleet.
与会领导人共同努力,为第二支“爱源山”雷锋私人车队颁奖。
The three leaders worked together to award a tablet for the second " Love Yuanshan " Lei Feng private car fleet.
三位领导人携手合作,为第二支“爱源山”雷锋私人车队颁奖。
The two leaders worked together to award a tablet for the second " Love Yuanshan " Lei Feng private car fleet.
两位领导人合作,为第二辆“爱源山”雷锋私人车队颁奖。
The team leaders worked together to award a tablet for the second " Love Yuanshan " Lei Feng private car fleet.
团队领导共同为第二支“爱源山”雷锋私人车队颁奖。
The attending leaders worked together to award a tablet for the second " Love Yuanshan " Zi Feng private car fleet.
与会领导人共同努力,为第二届“爱源山”齐锋私人车队颁奖。
The attending leaders joined together to award a tablet for the second " Love Yuanshan " Lei Feng private car fleet.
与会领导人联合为第二支“爱源山”雷锋私人车队颁奖。
In the past 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " has practiced in the charity services with practical love actions. The Yuanshan forest farm has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱源山”在慈善事业中以实际的爱行动进行实践,园山森林农场已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
During the past 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " has practiced in the charity services with practical love actions. The Yuanshan forest farm has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱源山”在慈善事业中以实际的爱行动进行实践,园山森林农场已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
For the past 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " has practiced in the charity services with practical love actions. The Yuanshan forest farm has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱源山”在慈善事业中以实际的爱行动进行实践,园山森林农场已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
Over the past 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " has practiced in the charity services with practical love actions. The Yuanshan forest farm has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱源山”在慈善事业中以实际的爱行动进行实践,园山森林农场已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
In the past 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " has practiced in the charity services with practical love actions. The Yuanshan forest farm has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost two thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱源山”在慈善事业中以实际的爱行动进行实践,园山森林农场已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近2000名员工。
In the last 20 years, " Love Yuanshan " has practiced in the charity services with practical love actions. The Yuanshan forest farm has taken over 5 difficult enterprise units and has settled almost one thousand staffs.
近20年来,“爱源山”在慈善事业中以实际的爱行动进行实践,园山森林农场已接管了5个困难的企业单位,并安置了近1000名员工。
In the face of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations to lend a helping hand to the community.
面对重大灾害,元山人民自发组织捐款,向社会伸出援助之手。
In the face of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously gathering donations to lend a helping hand to the community.
面对每一个重大灾害,元山人民都在自发地募集捐款,向社会伸出援助之手。
In the face of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously collecting donations to lend a helping hand to the community.
面对每一个重大灾害,元山人民都在自发地募集捐款,向社会伸出援助之手。
In the face of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously making donations to lend a helping hand to the community.
面对每一个重大灾害,元山人民都在自发地捐款,向社会伸出援助之手。
In the face of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations to provide a helping hand to the community.
面对重大灾害,元山人民自发组织捐赠,为社会提供帮助。
In the face of each major disaster, the Yuanshan people are spontaneously organizing donations to give a helping hand to the community.
面对每一个重大灾害,元山人民都在自发组织捐款,为社会提供帮助。
The Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with the socialist value system, according to Sun Jianbo, the winner of the national moral model nomination award and the former Party secretary of Yuanshan Forest Farm.
雷锋精神继承了时代的真理和美丽,是符合社会主义价值体系的一个长期事业,据国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波和元山林区前党委书记称。
The Zi Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with the socialist value system, according to Sun Jianbo, the winner of the national moral model nomination award and the former Party secretary of Yuanshan Forest Farm.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波和元山林区前党委书记说,子风精神继承了时代的真谛和美德,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
The Fei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with the socialist value system, according to Sun Jianbo, the winner of the national moral model nomination award and the former Party secretary of Yuanshan Forest Farm.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波和元山林区前党委书记说,飞风精神继承了时代的真理和美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
The Bei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with the socialist value system, according to Sun Jianbo, the winner of the national moral model nomination award and the former Party secretary of Yuanshan Forest Farm.
国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波和元山林区前党委书记说,北风精神继承了时代的真理和美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
The Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with the socialist value system, according to Sun Jianbo, the winner of a national moral model nomination award and the former Party secretary of Yuanshan Forest Farm.
雷锋精神继承了时代的真理和美丽,是符合社会主义价值体系的一个长期事业,据国家道德模范提名奖得主孙建波和元山林农场前党委书记称。
The Lei Feng spirit inherits the truth and beauty of times and is a long-term cause in line with the socialist value system, according to Liu Jianbo, the winner of the national moral model nomination award and the former Party secretary of Yuanshan Forest Farm.
国家道德模范提名奖得主刘建波和元山林区前党委书记说,雷锋精神继承了时代的真理和美,是符合社会主义价值体系的长远事业。
After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
仪式结束后,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
Following the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
仪式结束后,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
Before the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在典礼前,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
After the ceremony, all activity participants attended Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
仪式结束后,所有活动参与者出席了山东元山艰苦劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
During the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and watched the construction of barrier-free facilities.
在仪式上,所有活动参与者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念博物馆,并观看了无障碍设施的建设。
After the ceremony, all activity participants visited Shandong Yuanshan Hard Work Commemorative Museum and witnessed the construction of barrier-free facilities.
活动结束后,参赛者参观了山东元山辛勤劳动纪念馆,亲眼目睹了无障碍设施的建设。
The Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities, said by Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez at the teacher training scene.
Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez在教师培训现场表示,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港自然护理署合作,推广环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
The Guatemalan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities, said by Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez at the teacher training scene.
Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez在教师培训现场表示,危地马拉政府机构正与香港自然护理署合作,推广环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
The Bolivian government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities, said by Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez at the teacher training scene.
Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez在教师培训现场表示,玻利维亚政府机构正与香港自然护理署合作,推广环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
The Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities, said by Rivas Mayor Wilfredo Lopez at the teacher training scene.
Rivas Mayor Wilfredo Lopez在教师培训现场表示,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港自然护理署合作,推广环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
The Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities, said by Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez in the teacher training scene.
Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez在教师培训节目中说,尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港自然护理署合作,推广环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
Several Nicaraguan government agencies are working together to work with the HKND Group to promote environmental management plans and carry out tree planting activities, said by Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez at the teacher training scene.
Rivas Mayor Vilfredo Lopez在教师培训现场表示,一些尼加拉瓜政府机构正与香港自然护理署合作,推广环境管理计划,并开展植树活动。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice and international standards to build canals and do its best protect Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法和国际标准建设运河,并尽力保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The SAND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice and international standards to build canals and do its best protect Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发者,桑德集团一直遵循国际最佳做法和国际标准建设运河,并尽力保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The END Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice and international standards to build canals and do its best protect Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发者,End小组一直遵循国际最佳做法和国际标准建设运河,并尽力保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The MIND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice and international standards to build canals and do its best protect Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发者之一的MIND集团,一直遵循国际最佳做法和国际标准建设运河,并尽力保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The HKND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice and international standards to construct canals and do its best protect Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发商,香港天然气集团一直遵循国际最佳做法和国际标准来建造运河,并尽力保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
The RAND Group, a developer of the canal project, has always followed the international best practice and international standards to build canals and do its best protect Nicaragua's ecological environment. "
作为运河项目的开发者,兰德集团一贯遵循国际最佳做法和国际标准,建设运河,并尽力保护尼加拉瓜的生态环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, are leading the primary and secondary school students to plant trees together and teaching the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College teachers, through the combination of theory and practice, are leading the primary and secondary school students to plant trees together and teaching the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校教师通过理论与实践相结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College professors, through the combination of theory and practice, are leading the primary and secondary school students to plant trees together and teaching the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校教授通过理论和实践的结合,带领中小学生一起种植树木,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, are guiding the primary and secondary school students to plant trees together and teaching the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,引导中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, are leading the elementary and secondary school students to plant trees together and teaching the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,带领中小学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
College students, through the combination of theory and practice, are leading the middle and secondary school students to plant trees together and teaching the next generation how to green Nicaragua environment.
高校学生通过理论与实践的结合,带领中学生一起植树,教导下一代如何在尼加拉瓜绿化环境。
Francisco Reyes, a professor of natural resources and environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation education project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francisco Reyes领导了造林教育项目的整个进程。
Francisco Reyes, a professor of natural resources and environment in the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation education project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francisco Reyes领导了植树造林教育项目的整个进程。
Francisco Reyes, a professor of forest resources and environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation education project.
Francisco Reyes是尼加拉瓜国家农业大学森林资源与环境教授,他领导植树造林教育项目的整个进程。
Francisco Reyes, a professor of natural resources and environment of the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation education project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francisco Reyes领导了植树造林教育项目的整个进程。
Francisco Reyes, a professor of water resources and environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation education project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学水资源与环境教授Francisco Reyes领导了造林教育项目的整个进程。
Francisco Reyes, a professor of natural resources and environment at the National Agricultural University of Nicaragua, led in the whole process of the afforestation research project.
尼加拉瓜国家农业大学自然资源和环境教授Francisco Reyes领导了造林研究项目的整个进程。
" We have every reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们完全有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" I have every reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我完全有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多的好处,并为当地社区创造更多的就业机会。
" We have every reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and generate more jobs for the local community. "
我们完全有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" We have every reason to believe that the trans-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们完全有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
" We have every reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to the majority of the Nicaraguan people and provide more jobs for the local community. "
我们完全有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区提供更多的就业机会。
" We have every reason to believe that the cross-ocean Grand Canal project, also led by the HKND Group, will bring more benefits to a majority of the Nicaraguan people and create more jobs for the local community. "
我们完全有理由相信,由香港天然气集团牵头的跨洋大运河项目,将为尼加拉瓜大多数民众带来更多好处,并为当地社区创造更多就业机会。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, which is distributed to all the 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers, students and their parents.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为教师、学生及家长提供长远的技术指引。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, which is distributed to all the 15, 000 elementary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers, students and their parents.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为教师、学生及家长提供长远的技术指引。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, which is distributed to all the 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance to teachers, students and their parents.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为教师、学生及家长提供长远的技术指引。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, which is distributed to all the 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for staff, students and their parents.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为教职员、学生及家长提供长远的技术指引。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, which is distributed to all the 15, 000 primary and secondary school students of the province and aimed to provide long-term technical guidance for teachers, students and their parents.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为教师、学生及家长提供长远的技术指引。
In order to ensure the long-term effect of afforestation, HKND Group also produced an afforestation training album, which is distributed to all the 15, 000 primary and secondary school students in the province and aimed to provide short-term technical guidance for teachers, students and their parents.
为确保植树造林的长期成效,香港自然护理署亦印制了「植树造林培训专辑」,分发给全省15000名中小学生,旨在为教师、学生及家长提供短期技术指引。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai Province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第十届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Nanning, Qinghai Province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省南宁开幕。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the Chinese Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai Province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第10届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Recently, the 3rd China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai Province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第三届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Recently, the 10th China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, took off in Xining, Qinghai Province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第十届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Recently, the 1st China International Folk Art Festival, hosted by the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles and the Qinghai Provincial Government, kicked off in Xining, Qinghai Province.
不久前,由中国文艺界联合会和青海省政府主办的第一届中国国际民间艺术节在青海省西宁开幕。
Some 300 artists from the art troupes of 13 countries and territories from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约300名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 200 artists from the art troupes of 13 countries and territories from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约200名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 500 artists from the art troupes of 13 countries and territories from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约500名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Some 150 artists from the art troupes of 13 countries and territories from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约150名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
About 300 artists from the art troupes of 13 countries and territories from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的约300名艺术家聚集一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
Almost 300 artists from the art troupes of 13 countries and territories from five continents gathered together and brought a wonderful performance with quite international and national folk characteristics for audiences.
来自五大洲13个国家和地区艺术团的近300名艺术家汇聚一堂,为观众带来了具有相当国际和本国特色的精彩表演。
The inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 3. 7 %, the Tajikistan's Avesta news agency reported on the 11th day of the month, quoting the news of the central bank.
塔吉克斯坦阿韦斯塔新闻社援引中央银行的消息,于本月11日报道说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%。
The inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 4. 7 %, the Tajikistan's Avesta news agency reported on the 11th day of the month, quoting the news of the central bank.
塔吉克斯坦阿韦斯塔新闻社援引中央银行的消息,于本月11日报道说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通货膨胀率为4.7%。
The inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 2. 7 %, the Tajikistan's Avesta news agency reported on the 11th day of the month, quoting the news of the central bank.
塔吉克斯坦阿韦斯塔新闻社援引中央银行的消息,于本月11日报道说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通货膨胀率为2.7%。
The inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 5. 7 %, the Tajikistan's Avesta news agency reported on the 11th day of the month, quoting the news of the central bank.
塔吉克斯坦阿韦斯塔新闻社援引中央银行的消息,于本月11日报道说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通货膨胀率为5.7%。
The inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 6. 7 %, the Tajikistan's Avesta news agency reported on the 11th day of the month, quoting the news of the central bank.
塔吉克斯坦阿韦斯塔新闻社援引中央银行的消息,于本月11日报道说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通货膨胀率为6.7%。
The inflation rate of Tajikistan in the first 7 months of this year was 1. 7 %, the Tajikistan's Avesta news agency reported on the 11th day of the month, quoting the news of the central bank.
塔吉克斯坦阿韦斯塔新闻社援引中央银行的消息,于本月11日报道说,塔吉克斯坦今年头7个月的通货膨胀率为1.7%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months of this year. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while the rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦今年前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%,7月份的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而去年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 4. 7 % in the first seven months of this year. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while the rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦今年前7个月的通货膨胀率为4.7%,7月份的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而去年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 2. 7 % in the first seven months of this year. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while the rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦今年前7个月的通货膨胀率为2.7%,7月份的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而去年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 7 % in the first seven months of this year. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while the rate in the past year was 4 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦今年前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.7%,7月份的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而去年的通货膨胀率为4%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 3. 8 % in the first seven months of this year. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while the rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦今年前7个月的通货膨胀率为3.8%,7月份的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而去年的通货膨胀率为6%。
As indicated by the report, the inflation rate of Tajikistan was 1. 7 % in the first seven months of this year. And the inflation rate in July was 0. 6 % while the rate in the past year was 6 %.
如报告所述,塔吉克斯坦今年前7个月的通货膨胀率为1.7%,7月份的通货膨胀率为0.6%,而去年的通货膨胀率为6%。
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to keep the annual inflation rate in 2016 at 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,2016年塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将年通胀率维持在7. 5%的水平,而2015年为5.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to keep the annual inflation rate in 2016 at 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 4. 1 %.
报告称,2016年塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将年通胀率维持在7. 5%的水平,而2015年为4.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to keep the annual inflation rate in 2016 at 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 3. 1 %.
报告称,2016年塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将年通胀率维持在7. 5%的水平,而2015年为3.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to keep the annual inflation rate in 2016 at 6. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,2016年塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将年通胀率维持在6. 5%的水平,而2015年为5.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to keep the annual inflation rate in 2016 at 7. 5 % while that in 2015 was 6. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率维持在7. 5%的水平,而2015年为6.
According to the report, the goal of the Tajikistan government is to keep the annual inflation rate in 2016 at 4. 5 % while that in 2015 was 5. 1 %.
报告称,塔吉克斯坦政府的目标是将2016年的年通胀率维持在4. 5%的水平,而2015年为5.
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are certain differences between predictions of the government and some major international financial institutions.
此外,报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构的预测之间存在某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2015, there are certain differences between predictions of the government and some major international financial institutions.
此外,报告还指出,在塔吉克斯坦2015年经济发展和通货膨胀的情况下,政府和一些主要国际金融机构的预测之间存在某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2014, there are certain differences between predictions of the government and some major international financial institutions.
此外,报告还指出,在塔吉克斯坦2014年经济发展和通货膨胀的情况下,政府和一些主要国际金融机构的预测之间存在某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2012, there are certain differences between predictions of the government and some major international financial institutions.
此外,报告还指出,在塔吉克斯坦2012年经济发展和通货膨胀的情况下,政府和一些主要国际金融机构的预测之间存在某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2013, there are certain differences between predictions of the government and some major international financial institutions.
此外,报告还指出,在塔吉克斯坦2013年经济发展和通货膨胀的情况下,政府和一些主要国际金融机构的预测之间存在某些差异。
In addition, the report also pointed out that in the case of economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016, there are considerable differences between predictions of the government and some major international financial institutions.
此外,报告还指出,就塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀而言,政府和一些主要国际金融机构的预测之间存在相当大的差异。
According to the forecast of the Ministry of Trade and Economic Development of Tajikistan, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation rate will basically remain above this level.
根据塔吉克斯坦贸易和经济发展部的预测,塔吉克斯坦的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通货膨胀率将基本保持在这一水平以上。
According to the forecast of the Ministry of Trade and Economic Development of Tajikistan, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, and the country's inflation rate will basically remain above this level.
根据塔吉克斯坦贸易和经济发展部的预测,塔吉克斯坦的经济增长将达到7%,国家的通货膨胀率将基本维持在这一水平以上。
According to the forecast of the Ministry of Trade and Economic Development of Tajikistan, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, but the country's inflation rate will basically remain above this level.
根据塔吉克斯坦贸易和经济发展部的预测,塔吉克斯坦的经济增长将达到7%,但该国的通货膨胀率将基本保持在这一水平以上。
According to the forecast of the Ministry of Trade and Economic Development of Tajikistan, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, although the country's inflation rate will basically remain above this level.
根据塔吉克斯坦贸易和经济发展部的预测,国家经济增长将达到7%,尽管国家的通货膨胀率仍将基本高于这一水平。
According to the forecast of the Ministry of Trade and Economic Development of Tajikistan, the country's economic growth will reach 10 %, while the country's inflation rate will basically remain above this level.
根据塔吉克斯坦贸易和经济发展部的预测,塔吉克斯坦的经济增长将达到10%,而该国的通货膨胀率将基本保持在这一水平以上。
According to the forecast of the Ministry of Trade and Economic Development of Tajikistan, the country's economic growth will reach 7 %, while the country's inflation rate will basically remain above that level.
根据塔吉克斯坦贸易和经济发展部的预测,塔吉克斯坦的经济增长将达到7%,而该国的通货膨胀率将基本维持在这一水平之上。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀情况作了不同的预测。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts of the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通胀情况作了不同的预测。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts on the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织在2016年对塔吉克斯坦的经济发展和通货膨胀作了不同的预测。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have given different forecasts about the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀情况作了不同的预测。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have provided different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通货膨胀情况作了不同的预测。
On the other hand, Asian Development Bank, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund have made different forecasts for the economic development and inflation of Tajikistan in 2016.
另一方面,亚洲开发银行、世界银行和国际货币基金组织对塔吉克斯坦2016年的经济发展和通胀情况作了不同的预测。
As for these two indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, respectively, while those of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and those of the International Monetary Fund were 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
至于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
As for these two indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 3. 2 % and 7 %, respectively, while those of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and those of the International Monetary Fund were 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
至于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为3.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
As for these two indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 5. 2 % and 7 %, respectively, while those of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and those of the International Monetary Fund were 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
至于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为5.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
As for these two indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, respectively, while those of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and those of the International Monetary Fund were 5. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
至于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为5.4%和8.2%。
As for these two indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 6. 2 % and 7 %, respectively, while those of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 7. 5 %, and those of the International Monetary Fund were 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
至于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为6.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和7.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
As for these two indicators, the ADB gives forecast of 4. 2 % and 7 %, respectively, while those of the World Bank were 4. 8 % and 6. 5 %, and those of the International Monetary Fund were 3. 4 % and 8. 2 %.
至于这两个指标,亚洲开发银行预测分别为4.2%和7%,世界银行预测分别为4.8%和6.5%,国际货币基金组织预测分别为3.4%和8.2%。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and the overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, a 6 % growth rate was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长率。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and the overseas remittances reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, a 6 % growth rate was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报道,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长率。
It was reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and the overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, a 6 % growth rate was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长率。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and the overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, a 4 % growth rate was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了4%的增长率。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and the overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, a 3 % growth rate was still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报告,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了3%的增长率。
It is reported that, despite the international economic downturn, the devaluation of the Russian ruble and the overseas remittance reduction and a series of other adverse external factors, a 6 % growth rate is still achieved in the economy development of Tajikistan in 2015.
据报道,尽管国际经济衰退、俄罗斯卢布贬值、海外汇款减少以及一系列其他不利外部因素,2015年塔吉克斯坦的经济发展仍实现了6%的增长率。
" At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea in my heart, which was to rescue people ! " Huang Yilin said when receiving a phone call interview from the journalist on August 11 after getting back to her Mianyang home.
黄一林回到绵阳的家后,在8月11日接受记者的电话采访时说:“这时候太紧急了,我心里只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
" At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea in my heart, which was to rescue people ! " Huang Yilin stated when receiving a phone call interview from the journalist on August 11 after getting back to her Mianyang home.
黄毅林回到绵阳的家后,在8月11日接受记者的电话采访时表示:“当时,事情太紧急了,我心里只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
" At that time, it was too urgent. But there was just one idea in my heart, which was to rescue people ! " Huang Yilin said when receiving a phone call interview from the journalist on August 11 after getting back to her Mianyang home.
黄一林回到绵阳的家后,在8月11日接受记者的电话采访时说:“这时候,事情太紧急了,但我心里只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
" At that time, it was too urgent. So there was just one idea in my heart, which was to rescue people ! " Huang Yilin said when receiving a phone call interview from the journalist on August 11 after getting back to her Mianyang home.
黄一林回到绵阳的家后,在8月11日接受记者的电话采访时说:“这时候太紧急了,所以我心里只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
" At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea in my heart, which was to rescue people ! " Huang Yilin said when receiving a phone call interview from the journalist on July 11 after getting back to her Mianyang home.
7月11日,黄毅林回到绵阳家中接受记者的电话采访时说:“这时候太紧急了,我心里只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
" At that time, it was too urgent. And there was just one idea in my heart, which was to rescue people ! " Huang Yilin said when receiving a phone call interview from the journalist on August 11 after getting back to his Mianyang home.
黄毅林回到绵阳家中后,在8月11日接受记者的电话采访时说:“这时候,事情太紧急了,我心里只有一个想法,那就是救人。”
Huang Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄一林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Huang Xiaolin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
黄晓林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Chen Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
陈逸琳是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Li Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
李仪林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Zhang Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
张义林是中南林业科技大学园林建筑学院2015年级学生。
Wang Yilin was a student of grade 2015 in the Landscape Architecture College of Central South University of Forestry and Technology.
王毅林是中南林业科技大学景观建筑学院2015年级的学生。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Langzhong, Sichuan, and learn the local architectural designs, so the family left for there.
黄毅林以城乡规划为主,想参观四川的廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都搬到了那里。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Jinzhong, Sichuan, and learn the local architectural designs, so the family left for there.
黄毅林以城乡规划为主,想参观四川金中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都搬到了那里。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Yuzhong, Sichuan, and learn the local architectural designs, so the family left for there.
黄毅林主修城乡规划,想参观四川的余中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都搬到了那里。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Hanzhong, Sichuan, and learn the local architectural designs, so the family left for there.
黄毅林以城乡规划为主,想参观四川汉中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都搬到了那里。
Trained in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Langzhong, Sichuan, and learn the local architectural designs, so the family left for there.
黄毅林经过城乡规划培训,想参观四川的廊中,学习当地的建筑设计,于是全家都搬到了那里。
Majored in urban and rural planning, Huang Yilin wanted to visit Shizhong, Sichuan, and learn the local architectural designs, so the family left for there.
黄毅林以城乡规划为主,想参观四川石中,学习当地建筑设计,于是全家都搬到了那里。
At around 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll in the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At about 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll in the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄毅林的父亲在酒店休息,黄毅林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At approximately 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll in the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
At around 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll in the Yuzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去玉中古城散步。
At around 10 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll in the Jinzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午十点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去金中古城散步。
At around 9 a. m. on August 8th, Huang Yilin's father was having a rest in the hotel, while Huang Yilin and his mother went to stroll in the Langzhong ancient city.
八月八日上午九点左右,黄一林的父亲在酒店休息,黄一林和母亲去廊中古城散步。
Having not walked far, they saw a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走了不远,看见一群人大叫,于是就走向好奇。
Having not walked far, they noticed a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走了不远, 看见一群人大喊大叫, 于是就走向好奇心.
Having not walked far, they heard a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走了不远,听见一群人大叫,于是就走向好奇。
Having not walked far, they overheard a group of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走了不远,无意中听到一群人大叫,于是就走向好奇心。
Having not walked far, they saw a group of people shouting, which they approached for curiosity.
他们走不远,看见一群人喊叫着,他们走近是好奇心。
Having not walked far, they saw a crowd of people shouting, so they approached for curiosity.
他们走了不远,看见一群人大叫,于是就走向好奇心。
Seeing that " the little boy has disappeared, and the little girl was desperately fluttered in the water just with her little head above the water and was sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim in her childhood hurriedly jumped down to rescue them.
看到“小男孩不见了,小姑娘在水里拼命地跳着,小脑袋在水面上,正在下沉。” 黄毅琳在童年时学会了游泳,便急忙跳下来救他们。
Knowing that " the little boy has disappeared, and the little girl was desperately fluttered in the water just with her little head above the water and was sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim in her childhood hurriedly jumped down to rescue them.
黄毅琳知道“小男孩不见了,小姑娘在水中拼命地跳着,小脑袋在水面上,正在下沉。”他学会了如何在童年游泳,于是急忙跳下来救他们。
Finding that " the little boy has disappeared, and the little girl was desperately fluttered in the water just with her little head above the water and was sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim in her childhood hurriedly jumped down to rescue them.
黄毅琳发现“小男孩不见了,小姑娘在水中拼命地跳着,小脑袋在水面上,正在下沉。”他学会了如何在童年游泳,于是急忙跳下来救他们。
Hearing that " the little boy has disappeared, and the little girl was desperately fluttered in the water just with her little head above the water and was sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim in her childhood hurriedly jumped down to rescue them.
黄毅琳听到“小男孩不见了,小姑娘急忙掉进水里,小脑袋在水面上,正在下沉。”她小时候学会了游泳,于是急忙跳下来救他们。
Seeing that " the little boy has disappeared, and the little girl was desperately fluttered in the water just with her little head above the water and was sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learnt how to swim in her childhood hurriedly jumped down to rescue them.
看到“小男孩不见了,小姑娘在水里拼命地跳着,小脑袋在水面上,正在下沉。” 黄毅琳在童年就学会了游泳,她急忙跳下来救他们。
Thinking that " the little boy has disappeared, and the little girl was desperately fluttered in the water just with her little head above the water and was sinking ", Huang Yilin, who learned how to swim in her childhood hurriedly jumped down to rescue them.
黄毅琳以为“小男孩不见了,小姑娘正拼命地在水中摇晃着,小脑袋在水面上沉了下去”,于是她学会了如何在童年时游泳,急忙跳下来救他们。
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
After diving into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
After falling into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
落入水中,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
While jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
在跳入水中时,165厘米的黄一林发现她不能触摸底部!
After jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin realized that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中,165厘米的黄一林意识到她不能触摸底部!
Upon jumping into the water, the 165cm-tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !
跳入水中时,165厘米的黄一林发现她够不着底部!
The calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
平静的河底有湍急的流水。
The shallow-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
这条看起来浅浅的河底有湍流。
The deep-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
这条长相很深的河底有急流。
The wild-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
这条看上去荒凉的河底有湍流。
A calm-looking river had rapids in the bottom.
一条平静的河底有湍流。
The calm-looking river had rapids at the bottom.
平静的河底有急流。
But she still desperately swam to the little girl.
但她还是拼命游向小女孩。
But he still desperately swam to the little girl.
但他还是拼命游向小女孩。
Yet she still desperately swam to the little girl.
然而,她仍然拼命游向小女孩。
But she still desperately swam toward the little girl.
但她还是拼命朝小女孩游去.
But she still desperately swam to her little girl.
但她仍然拼命游向她的小女孩。
But she still desperately swam after the little girl.
但是她还是拼命追赶小女孩。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and flowed fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄一林说河水泥泞而湍急,只有5米长的距离几乎把她累透了。
Huang Xiaolin said the river was muddy and flowed fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄小林说河水泥泞而湍急,只有5米长的距离几乎把她累透了。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and flowed fast. Running only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄一林说河水泥泞而湍急,跑步距离只有5米,几乎把她累坏了。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and flowed fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore him out.
黄一林说河水泥泞,水流湍急,只有5米的距离几乎把他累坏了。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and flowed fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her down.
黄一林说河水泥泞而湍急,只有5米的距离几乎把她累垮了。
Huang Yilin found the river was muddy and flowed fast. The only 5-meter distance almost wore her out.
黄一林发现河水泥泞且湍急流淌,只有5米的距离几乎把她累坏了。
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope was particularly slippery, and I was afraid that I had no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,我怕我连下沉的力量都没有。”
She did her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope was particularly slippery, and I was afraid that I had no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,我怕我连下沉的力量都没有。”
She tried her best to push the little girl down the embankment. " The slope was particularly slippery, and I was afraid that I had no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把那个小女孩推下堤去。“斜坡特别滑,我怕没有力气只能沉下去。”
She tried her best to push the little girl to the embankment. " The slope is particularly slippery, and I was afraid that I had no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,我怕我没有力气只能沉下去。”
She tried her best to push the little girl up the embankment. " The slope was particularly slippery, and I was afraid that I had no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小姑娘推上堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,我怕我连下沉的力量都没有。”
She tried her best to push the little girl toward the embankment. " The slope was particularly slippery, and I was afraid that I had no strength but to sink. "
她尽力把小女孩推向堤岸。“斜坡特别滑,我怕我除了下沉外没有力气。”
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin, who was not good at swimming, tried to get down to the water for rescue and was held back by other people.
听到女儿的呼唤,不擅长游泳的尹女士试图下水去抢救,被别人拦住了。
So Ying Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin, who was not good at swimming, tried to get down to the water for rescue and was held back by other people.
听了女儿的电话,不擅长游泳的尹颖琳女士试图下水去救人,被其他人拦住了。
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. At her daughter's call, Ms. Yin, who was not good at swimming, tried to get down to the water for rescue and was held back by other people.
黄怡琳打电话向母亲求救,在女儿的电话中,不擅长游泳的尹女士试图下水去抢救,被别人拦住了。
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin, who was not good at swimming, tried to get down to the water for rescue but was held back by other people.
听到女儿的呼唤,不擅长游泳的尹女士试图下水去抢救,但被其他人拦住了。
So Huang Yilin called to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin, who was not good at swimming, tried to get down to the water to rescue and was held back by other people.
听到女儿的呼唤,不擅长游泳的尹女士试图下水去救人,被别人拦住了。
So Huang Yilin went to her mother for help. Hearing her daughter's call, Ms. Yin, who was not good at swimming, tried to get down to the water for rescue and was held back by other people.
听女儿的呼唤,不擅长游泳的尹女士试图下水去救人,被别人拦住了。
On August 10, after the spread of the news of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue, Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
8月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救的消息传开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲戚和朋友的“关心”。
On July 10, after the spread of the news of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue, Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
7月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救的消息传开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲戚和朋友的“关心”。
On October 10, after the spread of the news of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue, Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
10月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救的消息传开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲戚和朋友的“关心”。
On November 10, after the spread of the news of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue, Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
11月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救的消息传开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲戚和朋友的“关心”。
On September 10, after the spread of the news of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue, Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
9月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救的消息传开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲友的“关心”。
On June 10, after the spread of the news of Huang Yilin's jumping into the river for rescue, Ms. Yin received the condolences and compliments of a lot of friends and relatives as well as the " concerns " of many relatives and friends.
6月10日,黄毅林跳入河中抢救的消息传开后,尹女士得到了许多朋友和亲戚的慰问和问候,也得到了许多亲戚和朋友的“关心”。
" Now, in retrospect, it's really terrible ! Frankly speaking, when my child did not hold on to the riverbank, my heart was almost broken. "
“现在回想起来,真糟糕!坦率地说,当我的孩子没有抓住河岸时,我的心几乎碎了。”
" But, in retrospect, it's really terrible ! Frankly speaking, when my child did not hold on to the riverbank, my heart was almost broken. "
“但是,回顾起来,这实在太可怕了!坦率地说,当我的孩子没有抓住河岸时,我的心几乎碎了。”
" Well, in retrospect, it's really terrible ! Frankly speaking, when my child did not hold on to the riverbank, my heart was almost broken. "
“唉,回顾起来,真糟糕!坦率地说,当我的孩子没有抓住河岸时,我的心几乎碎了。”
" No, in retrospect, it's really terrible ! Frankly speaking, when my child did not hold on to the riverbank, my heart was almost broken. "
“不,回顾起来,真糟糕!坦率地说,当我的孩子没有抓住河岸时,我的心几乎碎了。”
" Yes, in retrospect, it's really terrible ! Frankly speaking, when my child did not hold on to the riverbank, my heart was almost broken. "
“是的,回顾起来,真糟糕!坦率地说,当我的孩子没有抓住河岸时,我的心几乎碎了。”
" Now, in retrospect, it's truly terrible ! Frankly speaking, when my child did not hold on to the riverbank, my heart was almost broken. "
“现在回想起来,真糟糕!坦率地说,当我的孩子没有抓住河岸时,我的心几乎碎了。”
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she would still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放入那场戏,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice because she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,因为即使她再次被放入那个场景,她也为女儿骄傲。
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice as she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍会支持女儿的选择,因为即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到自豪。
Ms. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she is placed in that scene again !
尹女士说,她一直担心,尽管有危险,她仍然会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放入那场戏,她也为女儿感到自豪!
Mrs. Yin said with a lingering fear that, despite the danger, she will still support her daughter's choice and she is proud of her daughter even if she was placed in that scene again !
尹太太忧惧地说,尽管有危险,她还是会支持女儿的选择,即使她又被放进那场戏里,她也为女儿感到骄傲!
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技能真的会派上用场。”
Since she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
由于她不得不学习游泳,所以在精通了游泳技巧之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技巧真的有用。”
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect that skill really to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我没想到那种技能真的会派上用场。”
Though she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
虽然她不得不学习游泳,但精通游泳技巧后很少去游泳。“我没想到这个技巧真的有用。”
If she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect this skill really to come in handy. "
如果她不得不学习游泳,她很少在掌握了这个技能后去游泳。“我没想到这个技能真的会有用。”
Because she was forced to learn swimming, she seldom went to swim after mastering the skill. " I did not expect the skill really to come in handy. "
因为她不得不学习游泳,所以在掌握了游泳技能之后,她很少去游泳。“我并不期望这个技能真的会派上用场。”
According to Chen Yiyang, her monitor, Huang Yilin is the " Straight A Student " recognized by her classmates and is always ready to help others.
陈一阳的班长说,黄一林是被同学们认出的“直学生”,她总是乐于帮助别人。
According to Chen Yiyang, her monitor, Wang Yilin is the " Straight A Student " recognized by her classmates and is always ready to help others.
陈一阳的班长说,王一林是被同学们认出的“直学生”,她总是乐于帮助别人。
According to Wang Yiyang, her monitor, Huang Yilin is the " Straight A Student " recognized by her classmates and is always ready to help others.
王一阳的班长说,黄一林是同学们公认的“直学生”,她总是乐于帮助别人。
According to Chen Yiyang, her monitor, Liu Yilin is the " Straight A Student " recognized by her classmates and is always ready to help others.
陈一阳的班长说,刘一林是被同学们认出的“直学生”,她总是乐于帮助别人。
According to Chen Yiyang, her monitor, Zhang Yilin is the " Straight A Student " recognized by her classmates and is always ready to help others.
据她的班长陈一阳说,张一林是被同学们承认的“直学生”,她总是乐于帮助别人。
According to Chen Yiyang, her monitor, Huang Yilin is the " Straight A Student " recognized by her peers and is always ready to help others.
据她的班长陈一阳说,黄一林是被同龄人承认的“直学生”,她总是乐于帮助别人。
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13thday of the month showed youth vitality
5月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,显示了青年的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province in the 13thday of the month showed youth vitality
5月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,显示了青年的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the firstday of the month showed youth vitality
5月1日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕典礼,显示了青春的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the lastday of the month showed youth vitality
月末日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕式上,展现了青春的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan province on the 13thday of the month showed youth vitality
5月13日,云南省第一届青年运动会开幕,显示了青年的活力
The opening ceremony of the first Youth Games in Yunnan Province on the 13thday of the month showed youth vitality
月13日在云南省首届青年运动会开幕式,显示了青年的活力
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪自治州芒石市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Pengshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪自治州蓬石市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Mengshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪自治州孟石市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Tengshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪自治州滕石市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Shangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪自治州尚石市举行。
The first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in Tingshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
首届青年运动会将于8月13日至22日在德洪自治州青石市举行。
On August 12, in Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the preparations for the arrangement and the opening ceremony.
8月12日,筹委会在德洪自治州芒石市举行新闻发布会,介绍筹办筹办及开幕式的情况。
On October 12, in Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the preparations for the arrangement and the opening ceremony.
10月12日,筹委会在德洪自治州芒石市举行新闻发布会,介绍筹办筹办及开幕式的情况。
On April 12, in Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the preparations for the arrangement and the opening ceremony.
4月12日,筹委会在德洪自治州芒石市举行新闻发布会,介绍筹办筹办及开幕式的情况。
On September 12, in Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the preparations for the arrangement and the opening ceremony.
9月12日,筹委会在德洪自治州芒石市举行新闻发布会,介绍筹办筹办及开幕式的情况。
On July 12, in Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the preparations for the arrangement and the opening ceremony.
7月12日,筹委会在德洪自治州芒石市举行新闻发布会,介绍筹办筹办及开幕式的情况。
On June 12, in Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture, the organizing committee held a press conference to introduce the preparations for the arrangement and the opening ceremony.
6月12日,筹委会在德洪自治州满石市举行新闻发布会,介绍筹办筹办及开幕式的情况。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by the Mangshi City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held on the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,由满石市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
The inaugural Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by the Mangshi City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held on the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省首届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,由满石市人民政府主办,开幕仪式于本月13日上午举行。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by the Pengshi City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held on the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,蓬石市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by the Tengshi City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held on the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,滕石市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by the Tingshi City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held on the morning of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,青石市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日上午举行。
The First Youth Games of Yunnan Province will be hosted by the Yunnan Provincial Sports Bureau and undertaken by the Mangshi City People's Government. The opening ceremony will be held on the afternoon of the 13th day of the month.
云南省第一届青年运动会由云南省体育局主办,由满石市人民政府承办,开幕式于本月13日下午举行。
There are 11 games in the event, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有11场,涉及180个小项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
There are 11 games in the event, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, swimming, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有11场,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、游泳、体操、武术等,涉及180个小项目。
There are 11 games in the event, including track and field, soccer, basketball, boxing, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有11场,涉及180个小项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、拳击、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
There are 11 games in the event, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, powerlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有11场,涉及180个小项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
There are 11 games in the event, including track and field, soccer, basketball, tennis, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, swimming, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有11场,包括田径、足球、篮球、网球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、游泳、武术等,涉及180个小项目。
There are 11 games in the event, including track and field, soccer, basketball, baseball, volleyball, weightlifting, cycling, wrestling, gymnastics, martial arts and so on, involving 180 small items.
比赛共有11场,涉及180个小项目,包括田径、足球、篮球、棒球、排球、举重、自行车、摔跤、体操、武术等。
Following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place, according to Chang Lin, deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
第一届青年运动会组织委员会副主任兼省级体育局副主任张林说,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,所有准备工作已经就绪。
Following the principles of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place, according to Chang Lin, deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任兼省体育局副主任张林说,按照“政府主导、市场运作、节俭竞赛”的原则,所有准备工作已经就绪。
Following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place, according to Chang Lin, vice director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
首届青年运动会组织委员会副主任兼省级体育局副主任张林说,按照“政府主导、市场化、节俭竞争”的原则,所有准备工作已经就绪。
Under the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place, according to Chang Lin, deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
第一届青年运动会组织委员会副主任兼省级体育局副主任张林说,根据“政府主导、市场化、节俭竞争”的原则,所有准备工作已经就绪。
Following the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place, according to Wang Lin, deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
第一届青年运动会组织委员会副主任兼省级体育局副主任王林说,按照“政府主导、市场化、节俭竞争”的原则,所有准备工作已经就绪。
With the principle of " government-led, market operation, frugal race ", all preparation work has been in place, according to Chang Lin, deputy director of the First Youth Games Organizing Committee and deputy director of the Provincial Sports Bureau.
第一届青年运动会组织委员会副主任兼省级体育局副主任张林说,按照“政府主导、市场化、节俭竞争”的原则,所有准备工作已经就绪。
The renovation work of Dehong Old Sports Association Weightlifting Hall & Martial Arts Museum, Mangshi City No. 1 Primary School Wrestling Arena and Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满石市德宏老体育会举重厅武术博物馆1号小学摔跤竞技场和银塔风景区山地自行车跑道的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation work of Dehong Old Sports Association Weightlifting Hall & Martial Arts Museum, Mengshi City No. 1 Primary School Wrestling Arena and Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
孟石市德宏老体育会举重厅武术博物馆1号小学摔跤场和银塔风景区山地自行车跑道的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation work of Dehong Old Sports Association Weightlifting Hall & Martial Arts Museum, Tingshi City No. 1 Primary School Wrestling Arena and Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
德洪老体育会举重厅武术博物馆、汀石市一号小学摔跤竞技场和银塔风景区山地自行车跑道的翻新工程已经完成。
The construction work of Dehong Old Sports Association Weightlifting Hall & Martial Arts Museum, Mangshi City No. 1 Primary School Wrestling Arena and Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
满石市德宏老体育会举重厅武术馆1号小学摔跤竞技场和银塔风景区山地自行车跑道的建设工程已竣工。
The renovation work of Dehong Old Sports Association Weightlifting Hall & Martial Arts Museum, Mangshi City No. 1 Primary School Wrestling Arena and Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track have been completed.
满石市德宏老体育会举重厅武术博物馆1号小学摔跤竞技场和银塔风景区山地自行车跑道的翻新工程已经完成。
The renovation work of Dehong Old Sports Association Weightlifting Hall & Martial Arts Museum, Pengshi City No. 1 Primary School Wrestling Arena and Silver Tower Scenic Area mountain bike track has been completed.
蓬石市德宏老体育会举重厅武术博物馆1号小学摔跤竞技场和银塔风景区山地自行车跑道的翻新工程已经完成。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services at the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场地为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers would provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers can provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员可在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 150 volunteers, during which the volunteers will provide services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了150名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
In terms of event security, the current conference recruited 580 volunteers, during which the volunteers will perform services in the various venues for athletes and visitors.
在活动安全方面,本次会议征聘了580名志愿人员,志愿人员将在各种场所为运动员和参观者提供服务。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances from various Dehong hospitals were deployed to set up 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical protection work for the competition sites and the accommodations of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以建立11个医疗队,负责比赛场馆和运动员宿舍的医疗保护工作。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances from various Dehong hospitals are deployed to set up 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical protection work for the competition sites and the accommodations of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以建立11个医疗队,负责比赛场馆和运动员宿舍的医疗保护工作。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances from various Dehong hospitals were deployed to set up 11 medical teams, who will be responsible for the medical protection work for the competition sites and the accommodations of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以建立11个医疗队,负责比赛场馆和运动员宿舍的医疗保护工作。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances from various Dehong hospitals were dispatched to set up 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical protection work for the competition sites and the accommodations of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出70名医务人员和11辆救护车,组建了11个医疗队,负责比赛场馆和运动员宿舍的医疗保护工作。
At the same time, 70 medical staff and 11 ambulances from various Dehong hospitals were deployed to set up 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the health protection work for the competition sites and the accommodations of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以建立11个医疗队,负责比赛场馆和运动员宿舍的保健工作。
At the same time, 70 medical personnel and 11 ambulances from various Dehong hospitals were deployed to set up 11 medical teams, which will be responsible for the medical protection work for the competition sites and the accommodations of athletes.
同时,德洪各医院派出了70名医务人员和11辆救护车,以建立11个医疗队,负责比赛场馆和运动员宿舍的医疗保护工作。
As for the issues related to the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related to the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan could be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related to the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan can be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As for the issues related to the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games has combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
Except for the issues related to the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本届青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式,除涉及开幕式和闭幕式问题外,还结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
As to the issues related to the opening and closing ceremonies, the lighting ceremony of the current Youth Games is combined the traditional sports characteristics of Yunnan ethnic minorities. In this way, the cultural connotation of Yunnan will be enriched.
本次青年运动会的开幕式和闭幕式问题,结合了云南少数民族的传统体育特色,丰富了云南的文化内涵。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生共有1 500名。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors were deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院的共计1 500名学生演员和其他500名专业演员已经部署到位。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 500 student actors from Sihong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自四虹职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生共有1 500名。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 200 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生演员共有1 200人。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 1, 300 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,共部署了来自德宏职业学院的1 300名学生演员和其他500名专业演员。
At present, in preparation for the opening ceremony, a total of 2, 500 student actors from Dehong Vocational College and other 500 professional actors are deployed.
目前,在筹备开幕式时,来自德宏职业学院和其他500名专业演员的学生共有2 500名。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of Mangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪自治州满石市的地区文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of Mengshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪自治州孟石市的地区文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of Dangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪自治州唐石市的地区文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of Pengshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展示德洪自治州蓬石市的地区文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of Tingshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式,德洪特色将展现出德洪自治州青石市的地区文化和民俗特色。
Yunnan element will be fully integrated into the opening and closing ceremonies. Dehong characteristics will show the regional culture and folk customs features of Shangshi City, Dehong Autonomous Prefecture.
云南元素将充分融入开幕式和闭幕式。德洪特色将展示德洪自治州商石市的地域文化和民俗特色。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony has come to an end and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At last, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony has come to an end and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
开幕式的排练工作终于结束了,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony has come to an end and an official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,明天早上将举行正式演出。
At night, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony has come to an end and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
晚上,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于明日上午举行。
At midnight, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony has come to an end and the official performance will be held tomorrow morning.
在午夜,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式表演将于明日上午举行。
At present, the rehearsal work of the opening ceremony has come to an end and the official performance will be held this morning.
目前,开幕式的排练工作已经结束,正式演出将于今天上午举行。
The artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be larger in size than those in the past.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模将大于以往。
The musical performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be larger in size than those in the past.
奥运会开幕式的音乐表演规模将大于以往。
The live performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be larger in size than those in the past.
奥运会开幕式的现场表演规模将大于以往。
The artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games would be larger in size than those in the past.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模将大于以往。
The stage performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be larger in size than those in the past.
奥运会开幕式的舞台表演规模将大于以往。
The artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be larger in scale than those in the past.
奥运会开幕式的艺术表演规模将大于以往。
From September 1, people aged 60 to 64 can take bus with a half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘坐半价的公共汽车。
Since September 1, people aged 60 to 64 can take bus with a half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘公交车半价的车票。
On September 1, people aged 60 to 64 can take bus with a half-price ticket.
在9月1日,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘坐半价的公共汽车。
Starting September 1, people aged 60 to 64 can take bus with a half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘公共汽车,票价半价。
From September 1, people aged 60 to 64 can take bus at a half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘公交车,票价半价。
From September 1, people aged 60 to 64 can take bus for a half-price ticket.
从9月1日开始,60岁至64岁的人们可以乘公交车购买半价机票。
On the morning of September 11, at the Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
In the morning of September 11, at the Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
On the morning of September 11, at the Yining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在宜宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价卡片。
On the morning of September 11, at the Funing City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在富宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚明为长者拿到了半价的卡片。
On the morning of September 11, in the Jining City Bus Company IC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
九月十一日上午,在济宁市巴士公司IC卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚获得他给长者的半价卡片。
On the morning of September 11, at the Jining City Bus Company OC Card Sales Center, several elderly people are queuing to apply for a card. The 62-year-old Yao obtained his half-price card for the elderly.
9月11日上午,在济宁市巴士公司总部卡销售中心,数名长者排队申请一张卡片,62岁的姚获得他给长者的半价卡片。
Prior to this, the Jining Municipal Committee for Senior Citizens, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " The notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus with half-price tickets ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老年公民委员会、市财政局和市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
Prior to this, the Jining Municipal Committee for Senior Citizens, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " The notice for 55-64 years old people to take bus with half-price tickets ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老年公民委员会、市财政局和市交通局共同发布了《55-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
Prior to this, the Jining Municipal Committee for Senior Citizens, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " The notice for 50-64 years old people to take bus with half-price tickets ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老年公民委员会、市财政局和市交通局共同发布了《50-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
Prior to this, the Jining Municipal Committee for Senior Citizens, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " The notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus with half-price tickets ". This preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老年公民委员会、市财政局和市交通局共同发布了《60-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自今年9月1日起正式实施。
Prior to this, the Jining Municipal Committee for Senior Citizens, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation worked together to issue " The notice for 45-64 years old people to take bus with half-price tickets ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老年公民委员会、市财政局、市交通局共同发布了《四十五至六十四岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自九月一日起正式实行优惠政策。
Prior to this, the Jining Municipal Committee for Senior Citizens, the Municipal Finance Bureau, and the Municipal Department of Transportation joined together to issue " The notice for 60-64 years old people to take bus with half-price tickets ". The preferential policy will be implemented formally since this September 1.
在此之前,济宁市老年公民委员会、市财政局、市交通局联合下发《60-64岁老人半价乘坐公交车的通知》,自9月1日起正式实施优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to the IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to the IC sales center with his third generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第三代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to the IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts may also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to the IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket and with foreign accounts will also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也将享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to the IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people within this age bracket and with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可以持第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人和有外国账户的老年人也可以享受优惠政策。
" Eligible old people may apply to the IC sales center with his second generation ID card. Elderly people in this age bracket or with foreign accounts can also enjoy the preferential policy. "
符合条件的老年人可携其第二代身份证向IC销售中心申请,这一年龄段的老年人或有外国账户的老年人也可享受优惠政策。
More than 200 half-price cards for the elderly have been issued since August 1, said Liu Xia, deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,共发行了200多张老年人半价卡。
More than 200 half-price cards for the elderly have been issued since August 1, said Zhang Xia, deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任张霞说,自8月1日以来,共发行了200多张老年人半价卡。
More than 200 half-price cards for the elderly have been issued since August 1, said Wang Xia, deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任王霞说,自8月1日以来,共发行了200多张老年人半价卡。
More than 200 half-price cards for the elderly have been issued since August 1, said Li Xia, deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任李霞说,自8月1日以来,共发行了200多张老年人半价卡。
More than 200 half-price cards for the elderly have been issued since July 1, said Liu Xia, deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自7月1日以来,共发行了200多张老年人半价卡。
More than 200 half-price cards for the elderly had been issued since August 1, said Liu Xia, deputy director of the computer center of Jining Bus Company.
济宁巴士公司电脑中心副主任刘霞说,自8月1日以来,共发行了200多张老年人半价卡。
Currently, senior citizen card is divided into two kinds, one is the charge-free card and the other one is the half-price card.
目前,老年公民卡分为两类,一类是免费卡,另一类是半价卡。
Currently, senior citizen card is divided into two types, one is the charge-free card and the other one is the half-price card.
目前,老年公民卡分为两类,一类是免费卡,另一类是半价卡。
Currently, senior citizen card is divided into two kinds, one is the charge-free card and the other one is the half-fee card.
目前,老年公民卡分为两类,一类是免费卡,另一类是半费卡。
However, senior citizen card is divided into two kinds, one is the charge-free card and the other one is the half-price card.
然而,老年公民卡分为两类,一类是免费卡,另一类是半价卡。
Nowadays, senior citizen card is divided into two kinds, one is the charge-free card and the other one is the half-price card.
如今,老年公民卡分为两类,一类是免费卡,另一类是半价卡。
Today, senior citizen card is divided into two kinds, one is the charge-free card and the other one is the half-price card.
今天,老年公民卡分为两类,一类是免费卡,另一类是半价卡。
" To save time for the elderly, the system was upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with such a card do not need to come twice for audit. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次。长者如持有免费卡,毋须到访两次。」
" To save time for the elderly, the system was upgraded. An elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with such a card do not need to come twice for audit. "
为节省长者时间,系统已改善。免费长者卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次。持卡长者无须来两次进行审计。
" To save time for the elderly, the system was upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly persons with such a card do not need to come twice for audit. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次。长者如持有免费卡,毋须到访两次。」
" To save time for the elderly, the system is upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with such a card do not need to come twice for audit. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次。长者如持有免费卡,毋须到访两次。」
" To save time for the elderly, the system was upgraded. The elderly free card is reduced from auditing once per year to once per year. Elderly people with such a card do not need to come twice for audit. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年一次的审核减至每年一次。长者如持有免费卡,毋须来二次审核。」
" To save time for the elderly, the system was upgraded. The elderly free card was reduced from auditing twice per year to once per year. Elderly people with such a card do not need to come twice for audit. "
「为长者节省时间,系统已改善。长者免费卡由每年审计两次减至每年一次,而长者免费卡则无须到访两次。」
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision departments of the two regions are cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会官方的微博消息,两地证券市场监督部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision departments of the two regions were cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会官方的微博消息,两地证券市场监督部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the stock market supervision departments of the two regions are cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会官方的微博消息,两地的股市监督部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the financial market supervision departments of the two regions are cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会官方的微博消息,两地的金融市场监督部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market regulation departments of the two regions are cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会官方的微博消息,两地证券市场监管部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
According to the official microblogging news of the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( CSRC ), the securities market supervision departments of these two regions are cooperating closely with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
根据中国证监会官方的微博消息,这两个地区的证券市场监督部门正与深圳证交所和香港证交所密切合作。
At the same time, the Commission has set up a Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect special working group, and actively promotes the relevant preparatory work. The Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanism will be officially launched this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立深港连通专责小组,积极推动有关准备工作。深港连通机制将于今年正式启用,届时须完成有关规例及技术设备的编制工作。
At the same time, the Commission has set up a Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect special working group, and actively promotes the relevant preparatory work. The Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanism will be officially launched this year after the complete preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立深港连通专责小组,积极推动有关准备工作。深港连通机制将于今年在相关规例及技术设备编制完成后正式启用。
At the same time, the Commission has set up a Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect special working group, and actively promotes the relevant preparatory work. The Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanism will be officially launched this year after the final preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立深港连通专责小组,积极推动有关准备工作。深港连通机制将于有关规例及技术设备的最终制订完成后,于今年正式启用。
At the same time, the Commission has set up a Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect special working group, and actively promotes the relevant preparatory work. The Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanism will be officially launched this year after the thorough preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立深港连通专责小组,积极推动有关准备工作。深港连通机制将在有关规例及技术设备全面制订后,于今年正式启用。
At the same time, the Commission has set up a Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect special working group, and actively promotes the relevant preparatory work. The Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanism will be officially launched this year after the full preparation of the related regulatory rules and related equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立深港连通专责小组,积极推动有关准备工作。深港连通机制将于今年正式启动,有关规例及设备已全面制订完毕。
At the same time, the Commission has set up a Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect special working group, and actively promotes the relevant preparatory work. The Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect mechanism will be officially launched this year after the preliminary preparation of the related regulatory rules and technical equipment.
同时,廉政公署成立深港连通专责小组,积极推动有关准备工作。深港连通机制将于有关规例及技术设备初步制订后,于今年正式启用。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到处罚。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages can be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也可能因欺诈罪受到处罚。
Those who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages may be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
那些发送了一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪而受到处罚。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages will be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也会因欺诈罪受到处罚。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages could be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功欺诈,也可能因欺诈罪受到惩罚。
People who sent a certain amount of mass fraud messages would be punished for crime of swindling even if they did not succeed in fraud.
发送过一定数量的大规模欺诈信息的人即使没有成功,也会因欺诈罪受到惩罚。
The court trial of Wolong District People's Court of Nanyang City, Henan Province, found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the fake station equipment in Tongbai County and Nanyang District between September 30 and October 4, 2015.
河南省南阳市沃龙区人民法院的庭审认定,被告李慧汪于2015年9月30日至10月4日期间通过同白县和南阳区的假站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Wolong District People's Court of Nanyang City, Henan Province, found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the fake station equipment in Changbai County and Nanyang District between September 30 and October 4, 2015.
河南省南阳市沃龙区人民法院的庭审认定,被告李慧汪于2015年9月30日至10月4日期间通过长白县和南阳区的假站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Wolong District People's Court of Nanyang City, Henan Province, found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the fake station equipment in Dongbai County and Nanyang District between September 30 and October 4, 2015.
河南省南阳市沃龙区人民法院的庭审认定,被告李辉旺于2015年9月30日至10月4日期间通过东白县和南阳区的假站设备发送欺诈信息。
The criminal trial of Wolong District People's Court of Nanyang City, Henan Province, found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the fake station equipment in Tongbai County and Nanyang District between September 30 and October 4, 2015.
河南省南阳市沃龙区人民法院的刑事审判认定,被告李慧汪于2015年9月30日至10月4日期间通过同白县和南阳区的假站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Wolong District People's Court of Nanyang City, Henan Province, found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the fake station equipment in Tongbai County and Nanyang District between September 30 and October 4, 2014.
2014年9月30日至10月4日,河南省南阳市沃龙区人民法院的庭审认定,被告李辉旺通过同白县和南阳区的假站设备发送欺诈信息。
The court trial of Wolong District People's Court of Nanyang City, Henan Province, found that the defendant Li Huiwang sent fraud information through the fake station equipment in Taibai County and Nanyang District between September 30 and October 4, 2015.
河南省南阳市沃龙区人民法院的庭审认定,被告李慧汪于2015年9月30日至10月4日期间通过太白县和南阳区的假站设备发送欺诈信息。
In the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, the defendant once again came to a hotel room in Wolong District, Nanyang City, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
During the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, the defendant once again came to a hotel room in Wolong District, Nanyang City, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
In the same year, at 11 a. m. on October 5, the defendant once again came to a hotel room in Wolong District, Nanyang City, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午11时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
In the same year, at 10 a. m. on August 5, the defendant once again came to a hotel room in Wolong District, Nanyang City, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年8月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
In the same year, at 9 a. m. on October 5, the defendant once again came to a hotel room in Wolong District, Nanyang City, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午9时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
Later the same year, at 10 a. m. on October 5, the defendant once again came to a hotel room in Wolong District, Nanyang City, where they sent fraud messages via a fake base station. He was arrested by the police.
同年10月5日上午10时,被告再次来到南洋市沃龙区一间酒店房间,通过一个假基地站发送欺诈信息,被警方逮捕。
After assessment, the fake station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
经评估,这台假站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个手机用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After assessment, the fake station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on May 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
经评估,这台假站设备于2015年5月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个手机用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After assessment, the fake station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on November 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
经评估,这台假站设备于2015年11月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个手机用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After assessment, the fake station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on October 4, 2015. It resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
经评估,这台假站设备于2015年10月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个手机用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After assessment, the fake station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on December 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
经评估,这台假站设备于2015年12月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个手机用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After assessment, the fake station equipment sent 62, 228 text messages on August 4, 2015. This resulted in 8 seconds to 10 minutes of interruption of 62, 228 mobile phone users.
经评估,这台假站设备于2015年8月4日发送了62,228条短信,导致62,228个手机用户中断8秒至10分钟。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used fake base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a large number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
审讯后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基站共向众多人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
Following legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used fake base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a large number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
法律程序后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基站共向众多人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used fake base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a large number of people. The behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
审讯后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基站共向众多人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。该等行为已构成诈骗罪。
After preliminary proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used fake base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a large number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
初步审理后,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基站共向众多人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
After legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used fake base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a large number of people. This behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
在法律程序后,法庭裁定,被告李辉宏利用假基站共向众多人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息,已构成诈骗罪。
During legal proceedings, the court held that the defendant Li Huiwang used fake base station to send a total of 62, 228 fraud messages to a large number of people. His behavior already constituted a crime of fraud.
在法律程序中,法庭裁定被告李辉宏利用假基站共向众多人士发送62,228条诈骗讯息。他的行为已构成诈骗罪。
The defender which said that as the defendant was an attempted criminal with no terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt when being caught, it is recommended to give a less punishment.
辩护人表示,被告是一名未遂罪犯,没有严重后果,在被抓获时对认罪态度良好,因此建议减轻处罚。
The defender which said that as the defendant was an attempted criminal with no terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt after being caught, it is recommended to give a less punishment.
辩护人表示,被告是一名未遂罪犯,没有严重后果,在被抓获后对认罪态度良好,因此建议减轻处罚。
The defender which said that as the defendant is an attempted criminal with no terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt when being caught, it is recommended to give a less punishment.
辩护人称,被告是一名未遂罪犯,没有严重后果,在被抓获时对认罪态度良好,因此建议减轻处罚。
The defender which said that as the defendant was an attempted criminal with no terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt when being convicted, it is recommended to give a less punishment.
辩护人表示,被告是一名未遂罪犯,没有严重后果,在被定罪时对认罪态度良好,因此建议减轻处罚。
The defender which said that since the defendant was an attempted criminal with no terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt when being caught, it is recommended to give a less punishment.
辩护人表示,被告是一名未遂罪犯,没有严重后果,在被抓获时对认罪态度良好,因此建议减轻处罚。
The defender which said that as the defendant was an attempted criminal with no terrible consequences and having good attitude toward admission of guilt before being caught, it is recommended to give a less punishment.
辩护人表示,被告是一名未遂罪犯,没有严重后果,在被抓获前对认罪态度良好,因此建议减轻处罚。
Considering the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
考虑到被告人的犯罪性质和认罪态度,被判处4年零6个月的监禁,并处以1万元以下的罚款。
Given the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
鉴于被告人的全面犯罪性质和认罪态度,他被判处4年零6个月的监禁,并处以1万元以下的罚款。
Considering the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 3 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
考虑到被告人的犯罪性质和对认罪的态度,被判处3年零6个月的监禁,并处以1万元以下的罚款。
Considering the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 5 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
考虑到被告人的犯罪性质和认罪态度,判处5年零6个月的有期徒刑,并处1万元以下罚款。
Despite the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of imprisonment, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
尽管被告的犯罪性质很全面,而且对承认有罪持态度,他仍被判处4年零6个月的监禁,并被处以1万元以下的罚款。
Considering the comprehensive crime nature and the attitude toward admission of guilt of the defendant, he was sentenced to 4 years and 6 months of prison, and fined 10, 000 yuan.
考虑到被告人的犯罪性质和认罪态度,被判处4年零6个月的监禁,并处以1万元以下的罚款。
Siberian tigers are currently classified as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
西伯利亚虎目前被世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 列为濒危物种的濒危物种.
Siberian tigers are currently classified as endangered ( EN ) in the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 濒危物种红名单中目前将西伯利亚虎列为濒危物种.
Siberian leopards are currently classified as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
西伯利亚豹目前被世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 列为濒危物种的濒危物种.
Siberian tigers are currently classified as endangered ( EN ) on the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
目前西伯利亚虎被世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 列为濒危物种的濒危物种.
Siberian cranes are currently classified as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 《濒危物种红名单 》 目前将西伯利亚鹤列为濒危物种.
Siberian tigers are currently listed as endangered ( EN ) by the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Endangered Species.
世界保护联盟 ( 自然保护联盟 ) 《濒危物种红名单 》 目前将西伯利亚虎列为濒危物种.
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by China, the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 Manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年中国、美国、俄罗斯等国联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by China, the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 5 to 6 Manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年中国、美国、俄罗斯等国联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有5至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by China, the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 3 to 6 Manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年中国、美国、俄罗斯等国联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有3至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by China, the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 2 to 6 Manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年中国、美国、俄罗斯等国联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有2至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by China, the United States and Russia and other countries in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 Manchurian tigers and 2 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年中国、美国、俄罗斯等国联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和2至5只东北豹。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the data jointly monitored by China, the United States and Russia and other nations in 1998 showed that Jilin Province only had 4 to 6 Manchurian tigers and 3 to 5 Northeast leopards.
据吉林省林业局统计,1998年中国、美国、俄罗斯等国联合监测的数据显示,吉林省只有4至6只东北虎和3至5只东北豹。
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin Province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin Province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The size of populations of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北地区虎类种群数量正明显增加
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin Province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards are growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群数量正明显增加
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin Province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The density of populations of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近年来吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北地区东北虎类种群的密度正显著增长
According to Yu Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin Province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is increasing significantly
吉林省林业保护局局长于昌春表示,近几年吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,东北虎类种群数量明显增加
According to Li Changchun, the Director of Jilin Provincial Department of Forestry Protection, Jilin Province has gradually enhanced its conservation on wild animals in recent years. The number of populations of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards is growing significantly
据吉林省林业保护局局长李昌春介绍,近几年吉林省林业保护局局长逐步加强对野生动物的保护,满洲虎和东北豹的数量正明显增加
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild Manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin Province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2014 showed that 27 wild Manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin Province territory.
2014年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 showed that 27 wild Manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards are monitored within Jilin Province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 indicated that 27 wild Manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin Province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2015 revealed that 27 wild Manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin Province territory.
2015年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The latest monitoring data in 2016 showed that 27 wild Manchurian tigers and 42 Northeastern leopards were monitored within Jilin Province territory.
2016年的最新监测数据显示,吉林省境内监测了27只野生满洲虎和42只东北豹。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area.
中俄合作对东北东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北虎是中俄边境地区野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia was significant for the population restoration and reproduction of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area.
中俄合作对东北东北虎种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北豹是中俄边境地区野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the natural restoration and reproduction of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area.
中俄合作对东北东北虎的自然恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北虎是中俄边境地区野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the successful restoration and reproduction of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area.
中俄合作对东北虎虎的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北豹是中俄边境地区野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection within the Sino-Russia boundary area.
中俄合作对东北虎类种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,东北豹类是中俄边境地区野生动物保护的龙头物种。
The cooperation between China and Russia is significant for the population restoration and reproduction of Manchurian tigers and Siberian leopards, which are flagship species for the wild animal protection in the Sino-Russia boundary area.
中俄合作对东北虎和西伯利亚豹种群的恢复和繁殖具有重要意义,它们是中俄边境地区野生动物保护的龙头物种。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Office, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Bureau, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has developed long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-standing stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Russian government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与俄罗斯政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
According to Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, Jilin Provincial government has established long-term stable cooperation and exchange mechanism with Korean government.
据吉林省林业局介绍,吉林省政府与韩国政府建立了长期稳定的合作与交流机制。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
In the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum that was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 International Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and animal protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年国际厚春虎和豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和动物保护组织第二次达成了若干共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and nature protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和自然保护组织第二次达成共识。
At the 2016 China Hunchun Tiger and Leopard Protection International Forum which was terminated on September 11th, the forestry department and wildlife protection organization of China and Russia reached several consensuses for the second time.
在9月11日结束的2016年中国湖春虎豹保护国际论坛上,中国和俄罗斯林业部门和野生动物保护组织第二次达成共识。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian leopards and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北东北虎豹的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of Manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on strengthening the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on improving the protection of tigers and leopards of China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
According to the Jilin Provincial Forestry Department, the cooperation on enhancing the protection of tigers and leopards in China and Russia is not only quite pressing task for the protection of manchurian tigers and Northeastern leopards, but also a priority to maintain the population health of tigers and leopards of Russia.
据吉林省林业局介绍,加强中俄虎豹保护的合作,不仅是保护东北东北虎虎的迫切任务,也是维护俄罗斯虎豹人口健康的优先事项。
As a Party cadre, Sun Fujian lost his ideal and belief, seriously broke the discipline of the CPC, and still didn't constrain himself from serious wrong doings after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he was not astringent and broke the rules. Such deed was vile and grave indeed.
作为党的干部,孙福建失去了理想和信念,严重违背了中国共产党的纪律,在中国共产党十八届全国代表大会后,他仍没有把自己从严重错误的行为中控制出来,而且他不善言行,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
As a Party cadre, Sun Fujian lost his ideal and belief, seriously broke the discipline of the CPC, and still didn't constrain himself from serious wrong doings after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he was not astringent and broke the rules. This deed was vile and grave indeed.
作为党的干部,孙福建失去了理想和信念,严重违背了中国共产党的纪律,在中国共产党十八届全国代表大会后,他始终没有停止过严重错误的行为,此外,他不动声色,违反规则,这实在是卑鄙而严重的行为。
As a Party cadre, Sun Fujian lost his ideal and belief, seriously broke the discipline of the CPC, and still didn't constrain himself from serious wrong doings after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he was not astringent and broke the rules. The deed was vile and grave indeed.
作为党的干部,孙福建失去了理想和信念,严重违背了中国共产党的纪律,在中国共产党十八届全国代表大会后,他仍没有把自己从严重错误的行为中控制出来,此外,他没有动怒,违反规则,这实在是卑鄙而严重的行为。
As a Party cadre, Sun Fujian lost his ideal and belief, seriously broke the discipline of the CPC, and still didn't constrain himself from serious wrong doings after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he was not astringent and broke the rules. His deed was vile and grave indeed.
作为党的干部,孙福建失去了理想和信念,严重违背了中国共产党的纪律,在中国共产党十八届全国代表大会后,他仍没有把自己从严重错误的行为中控制出来,此外,他没有动怒,违反规则,他的行为既卑鄙又严重。
As a Party cadre, Sun Fujian lost his ideal and belief, seriously broke the discipline of the CPC, and still didn't constrain himself from serious wrong doings after the 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he was not astringent and broke the rules. Such deed was vile and grave indeed.
孙福建作为党的干部,失去了理想和信念,严重违背了中国共产党的纪律,在中国共产党第17次全国代表大会后,他始终不犯严重错误,而且不至于招架,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
As a Party cadre, Sun Fujian lost his ideal and belief, seriously broke the discipline of the CPC, and still didn't constrain himself from serious wrong doings after the 8th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. In addition, he was not astringent and broke the rules. Such deed was vile and grave indeed.
孙福建作为党的干部,失去了理想和信念,严重违背了中国共产党的纪律,在中国共产党第八届全国代表大会后,他始终不犯严重错误,而且不动声色,违反规则,这种行为既卑鄙又严重。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
Since the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
自这一案件和一些媒体报道发生以来,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with very bad social impact.
在出现这一案件和一些媒体报道后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响非常严重。
With the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
随着这一案件和一些媒体报道的发生,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
Following the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this has become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在发生这一案件和一些媒体报道之后,这已成为案件的焦点,对社会的影响极为严重。
After the occurrence of this case and a number of media reports, this had become the focus of the case, with extremely bad social impact.
在 发生 这 一 案件 和 一些 新闻 媒介 报导 之后, 这 已经 成为 案件 的 焦点, 对 社会 产生 了 极为 恶劣 的 影响 。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attached great importance and immediately organized a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
Following the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attached great importance and immediately organized a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
在此之后,国际刑警分遣队队长海口市公安局高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
After this case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attached great importance and immediately organized a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
此案后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
Regarding the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attached great importance and immediately organized a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
针对本案,海口市国际刑警分遣队公安局高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队主动进行调查。
After the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attached great importance and immediately organized a detachment of special troops to take the initiative to investigate.
案件后,海口市公安局的国际刑警组织分遣队领导人高度重视并立即组织特种部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
On the case, Haikou City Public Security Bureau of Interpol detachment leaders attached great importance and immediately organized a detachment of elite troops to take the initiative to investigate.
就此,国际刑警分遣队的海口市公安局高度重视并立即组织一支精锐部队分遣队,主动进行调查。
The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police repeatedly pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警察在互联网上反复追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警察还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect over the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方立即在互联网上追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police actively pursued and attacked the suspect on the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警方在互联网上积极追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警方还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect via the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警察立即通过互联网追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警察还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
The police immediately pursued and attacked the suspect through the internet and took a variety of measures to control. In addition, the police contacted their colleagues of other cities to investigate the whereabouts of Wang.
警察立即通过互联网追捕和攻击嫌疑人,并采取各种措施加以控制,此外,警察还与其他城市的同事联系,调查王的行踪。
As the suspect was a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with the public security organs, he had strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequent drug addiction strikes made trial work quite difficult.
由于嫌疑人是小偷,多次与公安机关打交道,他有很强的反侦察能力,此外,由于他长期吸毒,经常发生吸毒成瘾的罢工,使得审判工作相当困难。
As his suspect was a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with the public security organs, he had strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequent drug addiction strikes made trial work quite difficult.
由于他的嫌疑犯是小偷,多次与公安机关打交道,他有很强的反侦察能力,此外,由于他长期吸毒,经常发生吸毒成瘾的罢工,使得审判工作相当困难。
Since the suspect was a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with the public security organs, he had strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequent drug addiction strikes made trial work quite difficult.
由于嫌疑犯是小偷,屡次与公安机关打交道,他有很强的反侦察能力,此外,由于他长期吸毒,经常发生吸毒成瘾的罢工,使得审判工作相当困难。
As the suspect was a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with the public security organs, he had strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequent drug addiction strikes made trial work very difficult.
由于嫌疑人是小偷,多次与公安机关打交道,他有很强的反侦察能力,此外,由于他长期吸毒,经常发生吸毒成瘾的罢工,使得审判工作非常困难。
As the suspect was a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with the public security organs, he had strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequent drug addiction strikes made trial work extremely difficult.
由于嫌疑人是小偷,多次与公安机关打交道,他有很强的反侦察能力,此外,由于他长期吸毒,经常发生吸毒成瘾的罢工,使得审判工作极为困难。
Because the suspect was a stealing recidivism and repeatedly dealt with the public security organs, he had strong anti-reconnaissance capabilities. In addition, due to his long-term drug abuse, the frequent drug addiction strikes made trial work quite difficult.
由于嫌疑犯是小偷,屡次与公安机关打交道,他有很强的反侦察能力,加上长期吸毒,经常发生吸毒成瘾的罢工,使得审判工作相当困难。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 3 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,在其成人年龄为3至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the north Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰岛和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,在其成人年龄为4至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the size of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,在其成人年龄为4-5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the North Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters at their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,成年时长4至5米。
Greenland sharks are also known as small head sleeping sharks, widely distributed in Greenland and the northern Atlantic waters around Iceland. It has the length of 4 to 5 meters in their adult age.
格陵兰鲨也被称为小头睡性鲨鱼,广泛分布在格陵兰岛和冰岛周围的北大西洋水域,在其成人年龄为4至5米。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
But its growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但它的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
But the growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但生长速度极其缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark might have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能会延长。
But their growth rate is very slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, suggesting that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
But their growth rate is extremely slow, sometimes only about 1 cm a year, indicating that Greenland shark may have an extra-long life.
但它们的生长速度非常缓慢,有时每年只有1厘米左右,这表明格陵兰鲨的寿命可能更长。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional dating methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is extremely scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中极为稀缺。
Traditional dating techniques usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional research methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的研究方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional dating methods often use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的约会方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但是这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
Traditional fishing methods usually use calcified tissue of animals. Some fins can use fins, but this calcified tissue is very scarce in Greenland sharks.
传统的捕鱼方法通常使用动物的钙化组织,有些鳍可以使用鳍,但这种钙化组织在格陵兰鲨鱼中非常稀少。
A new study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A new study led by Julius Nelson from the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A recent study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊(Julius Nelson)牵头的一项最新研究,转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜用于放射性碳约会的问题。
A later study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
后来由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
A new study led by Julius Nelson of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for carbon carbon dating.
由丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·纳尔逊领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在碳碳约会中的应用。
A new study led by Julius Jensen of the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, turned to the use of Greenland shark's ocular lens for radioactive carbon dating.
丹麦哥本哈根大学的朱利叶斯·詹森(Julius Jensen)领导的一项新的研究转向了格陵兰鲨眼镜在放射性碳约会中的应用。
This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
This technique had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这项技术以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
The method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
This method has previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是第一次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks or other fish.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是第一次用来确定鲨鱼或其他鱼类的年龄。
This method had previously been used to determine the age of whales, but it is the first time to be used to determine the age of sharks and other fishes.
这种方法以前曾被用来确定鲸鱼的年龄,但这是首次用来确定鲨鱼和其他鱼类的年龄。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark was estimated at 392 years old, with a deviation of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,偏离年龄为120岁。
Their findings showed that the life span of the largest shark was estimated at 392 years old, with a deviation of 120 years old.
他们的调查结果显示,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,偏离年龄为120岁。
Their results showed that the life span of the largest shark was estimated at 392 years old, with a deviation of 120 years old.
它们的结果表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,偏离年龄为120岁。
Their study showed that the life span of the largest shark was estimated at 392 years old, with a deviation of 120 years old.
他们的研究表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,偏离年龄为120岁。
Their data showed that the life span of the largest shark was estimated at 392 years old, with a deviation of 120 years old.
他们 的 数据 表明, 最大 的 鲨鱼 的 寿命 估计 为 392 岁, 偏离 年龄 为 120 岁 。
Their analysis showed that the life span of the largest shark is estimated at 392 years old, with a deviation of 120 years old.
他们的分析表明,最大的鲨鱼的寿命估计为392岁,偏离年龄为120岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark has aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼已经老化了272岁,可能最大的年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age can be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. Its maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,它的最大年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark is aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age could be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
That is to say, this shark was aged at least 272 years old. The maximum age may be 512 years old.
也就是说,这只鲨鱼的年龄至少是272岁,最大的年龄是512岁。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it cannot reach adulthood until the age of 156 at least.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它至少要到156岁才能成年。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 3 meters in length. That is, it cannot reach adulthood until the age of 156 at least.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在3米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它至少要到156岁才能成年。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 5 meters in length. That is, it cannot reach adulthood until the age of 156 at least.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在5米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它至少要到156岁才能成年。
In fact, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, it cannot reach adulthood until the age of 156 at least.
事实上,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼被指称在4米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它至少要到156岁才能成年。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 4 meters in length. That is, she cannot reach adulthood until the age of 156 at least.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在4米长的距离上发育成性,也就是说,在156岁之前,它无法达到成年年龄。
In addition, the female Greenland shark is alleged to be sexually matured at about 2 meters in length. That is, it cannot reach adulthood until the age of 156 at least.
此外,格陵兰的雌性鲨鱼据称在2米长的时间内性发育成熟,也就是说,它至少要到156岁才能成年。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,研究者在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被称作地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,它超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span in the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,研究者们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The researchers thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark is known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,研究者们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被称作地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,它超越了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The scientists thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,科学家们在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑右鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The authors thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,作者在文章中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑头鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 ) 。
The scientist thus wrote in the paper that the Greenland shark was known as the vertebrate with the longest life span on the Earth, surpassing the age of the previous longevity champion black right whale ( 211 years ).
因此,科学家在论文中写道,格陵兰鲨被公认为地球上寿命最长的脊椎动物,超过了前一位长寿冠军黑头鲸的年龄 ( 211 岁 )
Ihe exchange reform results in the past year were significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, and laid foundation for promoting the internationalization of RMB.
过去一年的汇率改革成果显著,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
Rhe exchange reform results in the past year were significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, and laid foundation for promoting the internationalization of RMB.
过去一年的汇率改革成果显著,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
Τhe exchange reform results in the past year were significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, and laid foundation for promoting the internationalization of RMB.
过去一年的汇率改革成果显著,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
Ihe exchange reform results in the past year were significant, with RMB exchange rate still basically stable, and laid foundation for promoting the internationalization of RMB.
过去一年的汇率改革成果显著,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
The exchange reform results in the past year were significant, with RMB exchange rate remaining basically stable, and laid foundation for promoting the internationalization of RMB.
过去一年的汇率改革成果显著,人民币汇率基本保持稳定,为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
Ihe exchange reform results in the past year were significant, with RMB exchange rate being basically stable, and laid foundation for promoting the internationalization of RMB.
过去一年的汇率改革成果显著,人民币汇率基本稳定,为推动人民币国际化奠定了基础。
From the view of market performance, in the year, the two-way floating characteristics of the RMB exchange rate was outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现看,今年人民币汇率的双向浮动特征比较突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
In the view of market performance, in the year, the two-way floating characteristics of the RMB exchange rate was outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,今年人民币汇率的双向浮动特征比较突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
With the view of market performance, in the year, the two-way floating characteristics of the RMB exchange rate was outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,今年人民币汇率的双向浮动特征比较突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From a view of market performance, in the year, the two-way floating characteristics of the RMB exchange rate was outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现来看,今年人民币汇率的双向浮动特征比较突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From the view of market performance, in the year, the two-way floating characteristics of the RMB exchange rate is outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现看,今年人民币汇率的双向浮动特征比较突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
From the view of market performance, in the year, the three-way floating characteristics of the RMB exchange rate was outstanding. The elasticity of exchange is expected to be strengthened and the exchange rate is expected to be generally stable.
从市场表现看,今年人民币汇率的三向浮动特征比较突出,汇率弹性有望增强,汇率总体稳定。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar often appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就经常出现,在波动过程中,人民币的汇率会起起伏波动。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar constantly appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动不断出现,在波动过程中不断起伏。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar continuously appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动不断出现,在波动过程中不断起伏。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar always appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动就一直出现,在汇率变动过程中,人民币的汇率会起起伏波动。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar slowly appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动一直缓慢地出现,在汇率改革过程中,人民币汇率的波动不断起伏。
Ever since the exchange reform, the fluctuation of RMB against the US dollar gradually appears, with ups and downs during the process.
自汇率改革以来,人民币兑美元汇率的波动逐渐出现,并随汇率的上下而起伏。
Last year, the last remittance reform measure before the " 8. 11 " exchange rate reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against the US dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,“8.11”汇率改革前的最后一次汇款改革措施是在2005年实施的。
Last year, the last remittance reform measure before the " 8. 11 " exchange rate reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against the US dollar became significant during the last 10 years.
去年,“8.11”汇率改革前的最后一次汇款改革措施在2005年实施。
Last year, the last remittance reform measure before the " 8. 11 " exchange rate reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against the US dollar is significant during the last 10 years.
去年,“8.11”汇率改革前的最后一次汇款改革措施在2005年实施,人民币兑美元汇率在2005年的10年中大幅升值。
Last year, the last remittance reform measure before the " 7. 11 " exchange rate reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against the US dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,“7.11”汇率改革前的最后一次汇款改革措施是在2005年实施的。
Last year, the last remittance reform measure before the " 5. 11 " exchange rate reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against the US dollar was significant during the last 10 years.
去年,“5.11”汇率改革前的最后一次汇款改革措施是在2005年进行的,人民币对美元汇率的升值在近10年中是显著的。
Last year, the last remittance reform measure before the " 8. 11 " exchange rate reform was carried out in 2005. The appreciation of yuan against the US dollar was significant during the last ten years.
去年,“8.11”汇率改革前的最后一次汇款改革措施是在2005年进行的,人民币对美元的汇率在过去十年中大幅升值。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of the RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施以来,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
With the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of the RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
随着新汇率改革的实施,人民币的上扬状况发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
After the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of the RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
新的汇率改革实施后,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
Since the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of the RMB exchange rate during one year was about 8 %.
实行新汇率改革后,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币汇率一年内的中央对等汇率为8%左右。
During the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of the RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
在新的汇率改革实施过程中,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
In the implementation of the new exchange reform, the previous appreciation state of RMB was changed. The central parity rate of the RMB exchange rate in one year was about 8 %.
在新的汇率改革实施过程中,人民币的上扬状态发生了变化,人民币一年的汇率中心对等率为8%左右。
This October 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年10月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR权值货币.
This November 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年11月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币,人民币将变成SDR权值货币。
This July 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年7月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR权值货币.
This September 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年9月1日, 国际货币基金组织将正式接受人民币, 人民币将成为SDR权值货币.
This April 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年4月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR权值货币.
This August 1, the International Monetary Fund will officially accept the yuan, which will become SDR weight currency.
今年8月1日,国际货币基金组织(IMF)将正式接受人民币, 人民币将变成SDR权值货币.
This week, the statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs showed that in the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export volume was RMB 13. 21 trillion, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计数据表明,今年首7个月中国的进出口额为13.21万亿元人民币,较去年同期下降3%。
This week, the statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs showed that in the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export volume was RMB 13. 2 trillion, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计数据表明,今年首7个月中国的进出口额为13.2万亿元人民币,较去年同期下降3%。
This week, the statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs showed that in the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export volume was RMB 13. 4 trillion, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计数据表明,今年首7个月中国的进出口额为13.4万亿元人民币,较去年同期下降3%。
This week, the statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs showed that during the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export volume was RMB 13. 21 trillion, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计数据表明,今年首7个月中国的进出口额为13.21万亿元人民币,较去年同期下降3%。
This week, the statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs shows that in the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export volume was RMB 13. 21 trillion, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计数字表明,今年首7个月中国的进出口额为13.21万亿元人民币,较去年同期下降3%。
This week, the statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs showed that in the first 7 months of this year, China's import and export volume was RMB 13. 5 trillion, down 3 % over the same period last year.
本周,中国海关总署发布的统计数据表明,今年首7个月中国的进出口额为13.5万亿元人民币,较去年同期下降3%。
In July, China's total import and export volume fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口值同比增长2.9%。
In July, China's total import and export volume fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 3. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口值同比增长3.9%。
In July, China's total import and export volume fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 4. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口值同比增长4.9%。
In July, China's total import and export volume fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 1. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口值同比增长1.9%。
In July, China's overall import and export volume fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口值同比增长2.9%。
In July, China's total import and export volume fell by only 0. 9 % year on year. In particular, China's export value had a year-on-year rise of 2. 8 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额同比仅下降0.9%,特别是出口值同比增长2.8%。
Relevant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Resistant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
耐力专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization since July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管自7月以来出现了稳定的迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts believed that after the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,在7月出现稳定迹象后,我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts believed that with the signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,鉴于7月份出现稳定的迹象,我们不应抱有过高的期望。
Relevant experts believed that despite strong signs of stabilization in July, we should not have high expectations.
有关专家认为,尽管7月份出现了稳定下来的强烈迹象,但我们不应抱有过高的期望。
In July, China's total import and export volume was RMB 2. 09 trillion, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元人民币,较上年同期下降0.
In July, China's total import and export volume was RMB 1. 09 trillion, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到1.09万亿元人民币,较上年同期下降0.
In July, China's total import and export volume was RMB 3. 09 trillion, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到3.09万亿元人民币,较上年同期下降0.
In July, China's total import and export volume was RMB 2. 09 trillion, a year-on-year fall of 1. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元人民币,同比下降1.9%。
In July, China's total import and export volume was RMB 2. 09 trillion, a year-on-year fall of 2. 9 %.
今年7月,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元人民币,较上年同期下降2.
In 2014, China's total import and export volume was RMB 2. 09 trillion, a year-on-year fall of 0. 9 %.
2014年,中国进出口总额达到2.09万亿元人民币,较上年同期下降0.
Among them, the export was valued RMB 1. 22 trillion, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued RMB 873 billion, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued RMB 342. 8 billion, with an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口值为1.22万亿人民币,增长2.9%;进口值为8,730亿人民币,下降5.7%;贸易顺差值为328亿人民币,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued RMB 1. 22 trillion, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued RMB 873 billion, down 6. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued RMB 342. 8 billion, with an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口值为1.22万亿人民币,增长2.9%;进口值为8,730亿人民币,下降6.7%;贸易顺差值为328亿人民币,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued RMB 1. 22 trillion, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued RMB 873 billion, down 4. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued RMB 342. 8 billion, with an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口值为1.22万亿人民币,增长2.9%;进口值为8,730亿人民币,下降4.7%;贸易顺差值为328亿人民币,增长34%。
Among these, the export was valued RMB 1. 22 trillion, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued RMB 873 billion, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued RMB 342. 8 billion, with an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口值为1.22万亿人民币,增长2.9%;进口值为8,730亿人民币,下降5.7%;贸易顺差值为328亿人民币,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued RMB 1. 22 trillion, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued RMB 873 billion, down 3. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued RMB 342. 8 billion, with an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口值为人民币1.22万亿元,增长2.9%;进口值为人民币8,730亿元,下降3.7%;贸易顺差值为人民币3,420亿元,增长34%。
Among them, the export was valued RMB 2. 22 trillion, up 2. 9 % ; the import was valued RMB 873 billion, down 5. 7 % ; trade surplus was valued RMB 342. 8 billion, with an increase of 34 %.
其中,出口值为2.2万亿人民币,增长2.9%;进口值为8 730亿人民币,下降5.7%;贸易顺差值为328亿人民币,增长34%。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data saw the fifth consecutive month of growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据显示,自今年3月以来,该数据连续五个月出现增长。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data saw the fourth consecutive month of growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据显示,这是自今年3月以来连续第四个月出现增长。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data saw the sixth consecutive month of growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据显示,自今年3月以来,出口数据连续第6个月出现增长。
While the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data saw the fifth consecutive month of growth since March this year.
虽然进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据显示,自今年3月以来,出口数据连续五个月出现增长。
Although the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data saw the third consecutive month of growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据自今年3月以来连续第三个月出现增长。
Though the total value of imports and exports fell year on year, the export data saw the fifth consecutive month of growth since March this year.
尽管进出口总额逐年下降,但出口数据自今年3月以来连续五个月出现增长。
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs within 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai Police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs for 4 months
上海警方抓获了3400多只盗贼,并在4个月内打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 400 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs over 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3400多只盗贼,打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
Shanghai police captured more than 3, 500 thieves and combated 157 " robbery fraud " gangs in 4 months
上海警方在4个月内抓获了3500多只盗贼,打击了157个“抢劫诈骗”团伙
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物3300多万元。
After detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在发现案卷的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物3300多万元。
While investigateing the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在调查案件的同时,还催缴了3300多万元,追回了被盗财物。
While detecting the case at the same time, the police still pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在侦查的同时,还逼供追回被盗财物3300多万元。
Upon detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 33 million yuan.
警方在发现案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回被盗财物总额超过3300万元。
While detecting the case at the same time, the police also pressed for payments and recovered stolen goods totaling more than 200 million yuan.
警方在侦查案件的同时,还催缴了款项,追回了总金额超过两亿元的被盗财物。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai via chartering unlicensed taxies. Then they got off the taxies and commit crimes and gathered and took taxies several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们通过包租未经许可的税税来到上海,然后下了税税,犯罪,数小时后收集并缴税,最后,他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai via chartering unlicensed taxies. Then they got off the taxies and commit crimes and gathered and took taxies several hours later. Then, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们通过包租未经许可的税税来到上海,然后下了税税,犯罪,数小时后收集并缴税,然后一起离开上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai via chartering unlicensed taxies. Then they got off the taxies and commit crimes and gathered and took taxies several hours later. Afterwards, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们通过包租未经许可的税税来到上海,然后下了税税,犯罪,数小时后收集并缴税,然后一起离开上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai via chartering unlicensed taxies. Then they got off the taxies and commit crimes and gathered and took taxies some hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们通过包租未经许可的税税来到上海,然后下了税税,犯罪,几个小时后收集并缴税,最后他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai via chartering unlicensed taxies. Then they got off the taxies and commit crimes and gathered and took taxies several hours later. Later, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们通过包租未经许可的税税来到上海,然后下了税税,犯罪,数小时后收集并缴税,后来,他们一起离开了上海。
According to the theft gang members, they came to Shanghai by chartering unlicensed taxies. Then they got off the taxies and commit crimes and gathered and took taxies several hours later. Finally, they left Shanghai together.
据窃贼团伙成员说,他们通过包租未经许可的税税来到上海,然后下了税税,犯罪,数小时后收集并缴税,最后,他们一起离开了上海。
During the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯法期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
During a crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在违法犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
In the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在违法犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
After the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
犯案期满后,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙,打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
During the crime offence period, the criminal suspects cleared the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall and breaking the window fence.
在犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙和打破窗户围栏,清除了从上到下盗窃的地板。
During the crime offence period, the criminal suspects swept the floor for theft from top to below by climbing the external wall or breaking the window fence.
在犯罪期间,犯罪嫌疑人爬上外墙或打破窗户围栏,从上到下扫地盗窃。
Recently, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
最近,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
Recently, the suspect involved was sent by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
最近,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
Recently, the suspect involved was taken by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
近日,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
Later, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
后来,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
Subsequently, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui District Procuratorate for prosecution.
随后,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇区检察院起诉。
Recently, the suspect involved was transferred by Xuhui Public Security Bureau to Xuhui Municipal Procuratorate for prosecution.
最近,徐汇公安局将涉案嫌疑人移交徐汇市检察院起诉。
The police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft windows.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的防盗玻璃材料。
The police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows when going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft windows.
警方提醒市民外出时要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
Local police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft windows.
当地警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的防盗玻璃材料。
The government reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft windows.
政府提醒市民在出门前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
The police reminded the general public to lock their doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens are recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft windows.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的防盗玻璃材料。
The police reminded the general public to lock the doors and windows before going out. In addition, citizens were recommended to choose the relatively hard steel material for anti-theft windows.
警方提醒市民在外出前要锁上门窗。此外,市民亦可选择较硬的钢材作防盗窗。
In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)将于8月底前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In early August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三将于8月初前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In late August, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe would go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)将于8月底前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In late September, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
根据《中国之音晚间新闻高峰报》的报道,日本首相安倍晋三将于9月底赴肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In late July, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)将于7月底前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
In late October, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will go to Kenya to attend the 6th African Development Conference, according to the Evening News Peak of Voice of China.
日本首相安倍晋三(Shinzo Abe)将于10月下旬前往肯尼亚出席第六届非洲发展会议。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 的 主要 成员 是 日本, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The Africa Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 由 日本 主持, 前 五 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous four meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 的 主要 成员 是 日本, 前 四 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Osaka, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 由 日本 主持, 之前 的 五 次 会议 在 日本 大阪 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous five meetings were held in Seoul, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 由 日本 主持, 之前 的 五 次 会议 在 首尔 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
The African Development Conference was dominated by Japan, and the previous three meetings were held in Tokyo, Japan or Yokohama, so this meeting will be the first move to Africa.
非洲 发展 会议 以 日本 为主, 前 三 次 会议 在 东京 、 日本 或 横滨 举行, 因此, 这次 会议 将 是 向 非洲 迈出 的 第一步 。
This African conference will help draw attentions of African and European countries to Japan, according to Japanese Foreign Ministry officials.
据日本外务省官员介绍,此次非洲会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
This international conference will help draw attentions of African and European countries to Japan, according to Japanese Foreign Ministry officials.
日本外务省官员表示,此次国际会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
The African conference will help draw attentions of African and European countries to Japan, according to Japanese Foreign Ministry officials.
据日本外务省官员介绍,此次非洲会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
This African conference will help draw attentions of African and European nations to Japan, according to Japanese Foreign Ministry officials.
据日本外务省官员介绍,此次非洲会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
This African conference will help attract attentions of African and European countries to Japan, according to Japanese Foreign Ministry officials.
日本外务省官员表示,此次非洲会议将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
This annual conference will help draw attentions of African and European countries to Japan, according to Japanese Foreign Ministry officials.
日本外务省官员表示,此次年会将有助于吸引非洲和欧洲国家对日本的关注。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to the Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
与安倍晋三之行一致,据共同社报道,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
In conjunction with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to the Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
据合道新闻社报道,在安倍晋三出访的同时,日本自由民主党还将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
In parallel with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to the Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
据日本共同社报道,在安倍晋三出访的同时,日本自由民主党还将向有关国家派遣议会团体。
In connection with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to the Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
根据日本共同社的报道,在安倍晋三出访之际,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
In line with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to the Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats would send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
与安倍晋三之行一致,据共同社报道,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
In solidarity with the trip of Shinzo Abe, according to the Kyodo news agency, the Japanese Liberal Democrats will send parliamentary groups to the countries concerned.
联合新闻社称,为了声援安倍晋三的访问,日本自由民主党将派议会团体前往有关国家。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. It is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " started in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初 开始, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-wide African Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 全非 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored Africa Development Conference also began in 1993. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 于 1993年 开始, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Japan's " application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council " began in the early 90s of the last century while the African-sponsored African Development Conference also began in 1990. This is not a coincidence.
日本 “ 成为 联合国 安全理事会 常任理事国 的 申请 ” 始于 上 一 个 世纪 90 年代 初, 而 由 非洲 赞助 的 非洲 发展 会议 也 始于 1990年, 这 不是 一 个 巧合 。
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wants to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Africa holds 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wants to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国拥有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wishes to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Africa has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. But can Japan give up Africa if it wants to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,但是如果日本想加入联合国安理会,它能放弃非洲吗?
Africa has five seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wants to join the United Nations Security Council ?
非洲在联合国有五个席位,因此是一个重要的票房,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
Japan has 53 seats in the United Nations and is therefore an important ticket bunker of the United Nation. How can Japan give up Africa if it wants to join the United Nations Security Council ?
日本在联合国有53个席位,因此是一个重要的联合国票仓,日本如何才能放弃非洲,如果它想加入联合国安理会?
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It would also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders about the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交换意见。
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders concerning the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交换意见。
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders regarding the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activities.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
It will also exchange views with national stakeholders on the extreme organization of " Islamic State " and terrorist activity.
它还将与国家利益攸关方就极端组织"伊斯兰国"和恐怖活动交流看法。
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方 集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Africa Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea Bissau.
“ 非洲集团 ” 将 访问 7 个 国家, 包括 塞拉利昂 、 利比里亚 和 几内亚比绍 。
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Ghana and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方集团 ” 将访问七个国家, 包括塞拉利昂 、 加纳和几内亚比绍.
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Senegal and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方集团 ” 将访问七个国家, 包括塞拉利昂 、 塞内加尔和几内亚比绍.
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方集团 ” 将访问七个国家, 包括塞拉利昂 、 尼日利亚和几内亚比绍.
" Western Group " will visit seven countries, including Sierra Leone, Guinea and Guinea Bissau.
“ 西方集团 ” 将访问七个国家, 包括塞拉利昂 、 几内亚和几内亚比绍.
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan, has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田文雄最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan, has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference in the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Yoshida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan, has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣福田康夫最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan, has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference to the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田丰夫最近还向联合国安全理事会表示非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister for Foreign Affairs of Japan, had also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田文雄最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Fumio Kishida, the current Minister of Foreign Affairs of Japan, has also recently stated the intentions of the African Development Conference at the UN Security Council.
日本现任外务大臣岸田文雄最近在联合国安全理事会上也表达了非洲发展会议的意图。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家,五年内将提供1000亿日元(约合61亿日元)的资金。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 300 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家,五年内将提供3000亿日元(约合61亿日元)的资金。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 500 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家,五年内将提供5000亿日元(约合61亿日元)的资金。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 4. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家,五年内将提供1000亿日元(约合41亿元)的资金。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 600 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家,五年内将提供6,000亿日元(约合61亿日元)的资金。
Abe has announced here that in order to stabilize Sub-Saharan African countries, it will provide 100 billion yen ( about RMB 6. 1 billion ) in five years.
安倍在这里宣布,为了稳定撒哈拉以南非洲国家,五年内将提供1,000亿日元(约合61亿日元)的资金。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity towards Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are three purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有三个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African nations on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African countries in the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
Observers generally believe that there are two purposes behind Japan's generosity toward Africa : first, to increase Japan's presence in Africa ; second, to win the support of African states on the application to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council.
观察人士普遍认为,日本慷慨支持非洲有两个目的:第一,增加日本在非洲的存在;第二,在申请成为联合国安理会常任理事国方面赢得非洲国家的支持。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Wang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家王波江(音译)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Li Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家李波江(Li Bojiang)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Zhang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家张波江说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. And Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Yang Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”,日本问题专家杨波江(音译)说。
" In terms of politics, Africa is relatively lagging behind, but there are many African countries. So Japan has always regarded it as the so-called'big ticket field ,'" said Chen Bojiang, an expert for Japanese issues.
陈波江(音译)说:“在政治方面,非洲相对落后,但有很多非洲国家,因此日本一直把它看作是所谓的“大票场”。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 结束, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa should not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 不应 终止, 而 应 逐步 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the future and their work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 它们 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 结束, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be halted but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 停止, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be stopped but gradually strengthened.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 将 不会 停止, 而 将 逐渐 加强 。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually increased.
日本 今后 不会 放弃, 其 关于 非洲 的 工作 不会 结束, 而 会 逐渐 增加 。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本在经济上具有很强的生产能力,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下,国内需求相对疲软。
Economically, Japan has a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本在经济上具有很强的生产能力,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下,国内需求相对疲软。
Domestically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本国内的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下的内需相对薄弱。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, although its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
在经济上,日本的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下的内需相对薄弱。
Economically, Japan enjoys a substantial production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand is relatively weak in the context of aging population.
日本在经济上拥有相当的生产能力,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是人口老龄化情况下,国内需求相对疲软。
Economically, Japan enjoys a strong production capacity, but its domestic market is relatively limited. In particular, the domestic demand remains relatively weak in the context of aging population.
在经济上,日本的生产能力很强,但其国内市场相对有限,特别是在人口老龄化的情况下,国内需求仍然相对疲软。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Genichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉一郎(Genichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister many years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从多年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍(Abe),日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " schemes. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
Therefore, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, all schemes were abandoned eventually.
因此,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍(Anbe),日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终放弃了所有计划。
However, from Junichiro Koizumi, who was Japan's prime minister 10 years ago, to the present Abe, Japan has repeatedly launched the " sprint " scheme. However, the schemes were abandoned eventually.
然而,从10年前日本首相小泉纯一郎(Junichiro Koizumi)到现在的安倍,日本一再推出“短跑”计划,但最终被放弃。
The intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles, according to Yang Bojiang.
杨波江说,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是,道路肯定会充满障碍。
The pretension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles, according to Yang Bojiang.
杨波江说,日本有意成为联合国安全理事会常任理事国的倾向是显而易见的,但是,道路肯定会充满障碍。
The intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council seems clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles, according to Yang Bojiang.
杨波江说,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵似乎显而易见,但是,道路肯定会充满障碍。
The intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council was clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles, according to Yang Bojiang.
杨波江说,日本成为联合国安理会常任理事国的内涵一看就很清楚了,但是,道路肯定会充满障碍。
The intension of Japan to become a full member of the United Nations Security Council is clear at a glance. However, the road is bound to be full of obstacles, according to Yang Bojiang.
杨波江说,日本成为联合国安理会正式成员的内涵是显而易见的,但是这条路肯定会充满障碍。
The intension of Japan to become a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council is clear at a glance. However, this road is bound to be full of obstacles, according to Yang Bojiang.
杨波江说,日本成为联合国安全理事会常任理事国的内涵是显而易见的,但是这条路肯定会充满障碍。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly get along with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude in geopolitical competition, national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本首先应该与周边国家和睦相处,日本需要在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或历史问题上保持正确态度。
To accomplish its own goals, Japan should firstly get along with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude in geopolitical competition, national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本首先应该与周边国家和睦相处,日本需要在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或历史问题上保持正确态度。
To reach its own goals, Japan should firstly get along with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude in geopolitical competition, national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了达到自己的目标,日本首先应该与周边国家和睦相处,日本需要在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或历史问题上保持正确态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan must firstly get along with the surrounding countries. And Japan needs to have a correct attitude in geopolitical competition, national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本必须首先与周边国家和睦相处,日本需要在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或历史问题的理解中保持正确态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly get along with the surrounding countries. So Japan needs to have a correct attitude in geopolitical competition, national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本应该首先与周边国家和睦相处,因此,日本需要在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或历史问题的理解中保持正确态度。
To achieve its own goals, Japan should firstly get along with the surrounding countries. Also Japan needs to have a correct attitude in geopolitical competition, national dispute or understanding of a historical problem.
为了实现自己的目标,日本应该首先与周边国家和睦相处,日本也需要在地缘政治竞争、国家争端或历史问题上保持正确态度。
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the late morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海口海事法院在清晨登记了一宗案件,以确保林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Shekou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
石口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林高下沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Jiao sinking boat
海口海事法院清晨登记案件,确保焦沉船诉讼当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Macao sinking boat
海口海事法院清晨登记案件,保障澳门下沉船当事人的权益
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the safety and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat
海口海事法院清晨立案立案,保障林高下沉船当事人的安全和利益
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application for preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员死亡的亲属赶往海口海事法院递交保护财产和扣押可疑货船的申请,以便起诉。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 5 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application for preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨5时,这3名船员死亡的亲属赶往海口海事法院递交保护财产和扣押可疑货船的申请,以便起诉。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 6 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application for preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
这3名船员死亡的亲属于8月7日上午6时赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 3 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application for preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
这3名船员死亡的亲属于8月7日凌晨3点赶往海口海事法院,在起诉前提交保存财产和扣押可疑货船的申请。
The relatives of these 3 dead crew members rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 7 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application for preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
这3名船员死亡的亲属于8月7日上午7时赶往海口海事法院递交保护财产和扣押可疑货船的申请,以便起诉。
The families of these 3 dead crew members rushed to the Haikou Maritime Court at 4 a. m. on August 7 to submit the application for preserving property and seizing the suspected cargo ship before prosecution.
8月7日凌晨4时,这3名船员的家属赶往海口海事法院,提交保护财产和扣押可疑货船的申请,以便起诉。
After the incident on August 4, the suspected cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying Port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,疑似货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on August 4, the suspected cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Jiuying Port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,疑似货轮被海口九营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on July 4, the suspected cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying Port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
7月4日事件后,疑似货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on May 4, the suspected cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying Port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
5月4日事件后,疑似货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on August 4, the suspected cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Puying Port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
在8月4日事件之后,疑似货轮被海口普营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
After the incident on March 4, the suspected cargo ship was detained by the maritime bureau in Xiuying Port of Haikou to assist in the investigation.
3月4日事件后,疑似货轮被海口秀营港海事局扣留,以协助调查。
In view of the upcoming expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in the Maritime Bureau, relatives of the victims filed a property preservation application to the court on the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期即将届满,受害人的亲属于8月7日上午向法院提出财产保全申请。
In view of the upcoming expiration of the 48 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in the Maritime Bureau, relatives of the victims filed a property preservation application to the court on the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的48小时拘留期即将届满,受害人的亲属于8月7日上午向法院提出财产保全申请。
In light of the upcoming expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in the Maritime Bureau, relatives of the victims filed a property preservation application to the court on the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期即将届满,受害人的亲属于8月7日上午向法院提出财产保全申请。
In view of the upcoming expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in the Maritime Bureau, relatives of the victims filed a property preservation application to the court in the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的72小时拘留期即将届满,受害人的亲属于8月7日上午向法院提出财产保全申请。
In view of the upcoming expiration of the 24 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in the Maritime Bureau, relatives of the victims filed a property preservation application to the court on the morning of August 7.
鉴于海事局8月7日上午9时00分的24小时拘留期即将届满,受害人的亲属于8月7日上午向法院提出财产保全申请。
In anticipation of the upcoming expiration of the 72 hours of detention period at 9 : 00 a. m. on August 7 in the Maritime Bureau, relatives of the victims filed a property preservation application to the court on the morning of August 7.
由于预计8月7日上午9时00分在海事局的72小时拘留期即将届满,受害人的亲属于8月7日上午向法院提交了财产保全申请。
At 4 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed for a pre-litigation property preservation action and were received patiently by the judicial police on duty.
上午4时20分,申诉人提出诉讼前财产保全诉讼,执勤的司法警察耐心地接受了诉讼。
At 5 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed for a pre-litigation property preservation action and were received patiently by the judicial police on duty.
上午5时20分,申诉人提出诉讼前财产保全诉讼,执勤的司法警察耐心地接受了诉讼。
At 7 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed for a pre-litigation property preservation action and were received patiently by the judicial police on duty.
上午 7 时 20 分, 原告 提出 起诉 前 财产 保全 诉讼, 司法 警察 耐心 地 接到 了 诉讼 。
At 2 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed for a pre-litigation property preservation action and were received patiently by the judicial police on duty.
上午2时20分,申诉人提出诉讼前财产保全诉讼,执勤的司法警察耐心地接受了诉讼。
At 3 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed for a pre-litigation property preservation action and were received patiently by the judicial police on duty.
上午3时20分,申诉人提出诉讼前财产保全诉讼,执勤的司法警察耐心地接受了诉讼。
At 10 : 20 a. m., the applicant filed for a pre-litigation property preservation action and were received patiently by the judicial police on duty.
上午10时20分,申诉人提出诉讼前财产保全诉讼,执勤的司法警察耐心地接受了诉讼。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, Executive Vice President of the School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副院长曹贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Liu Xianqiang, Executive Vice President of the School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副院长刘贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Zhang Xianqiang, Executive Vice President of the School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副院长张贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Li Xianqiang, Executive Vice President of the School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副院长李贤强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xuanqiang, Executive Vice President of the School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院执行副院长曹宣强教授主持。
The current forum was chaired by Professor Cao Xianqiang, Senior Vice President of the School of Politics and Public Administration, Shandong University.
本届论坛由山东大学政治与公共行政学院高级副院长曹贤强教授主持。
What are the challenges of the world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何挑战?
What are the challenges of the world economic globalisation and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何挑战?
What are the implications of the world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何影响?
What are the consequences of the world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何影响?
What are the effects of the world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何影响?
What are the challenges for the world economic globalization and integration to governance ?
世界经济全球化和一体化对治理有何挑战?
How does national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
How will national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
How can national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
How does national governance adapt to a changing world ?
国家治理如何适应不断变化的世界?
How should national governance adapt to the changing world ?
国家治理应如何适应不断变化的世界?
How does national governance respond to the changing world ?
国家治理如何应对不断变化的世界?
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
Until then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析。
Before then, Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
在此之前, 范德尚将对上述问题进行综合分析.
By then, Fan Deshang should conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues.
到那时,范德尚应该对上述问题进行综合分析。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a full analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行详尽的分析。
By then, Fan Deshang will conduct a complete analysis of the above issues.
届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行详尽的分析。
Fan Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of the Cornell University Beijing office.
范德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任康奈尔大学北京分校主任。
Wang Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of the Cornell University Beijing office.
王德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任康奈尔大学北京分校主任。
Fan Yihang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of the Cornell University Beijing office.
范怡宏是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任康奈尔大学北京分校主任。
Fan Yuhang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of the Cornell University Beijing office.
范裕宏是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任康奈尔大学北京分校主任。
Li Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of the Cornell University Beijing office.
李德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任康奈尔大学北京分校主任。
Liu Deshang is a Ph. D. in Peking University and a deputy director and secretary general of the Global Governance Research Center of Peking University. He was the former director of the Cornell University Beijing office.
刘德尚是北京大学的博士,北京大学全球治理研究中心副主任兼秘书长,曾任康奈尔大学北京分校主任。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that those changes bring to national governance, leadership and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in world politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于世界政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to international governance, leadership and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国际治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The current research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes present to national governance, leadership and global governance.
目前的研究侧重于全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
The academic research focuses on the profound changes in global politics, economy, science and technology, culture and religion, and the opportunities and challenges that these changes bring to national governance, leadership and global governance.
学术研究的重点是全球政治、经济、科学和技术、文化和宗教的深刻变化,以及这些变化给国家治理、领导和全球治理带来的机遇和挑战。
A Fresh Highlight for Traditional Customs-- 2016 Yulan Festival Kicks Off in Victoria Park, Hong Kong
2016年在香港维多利亚公园举行的“裕兰节”庆典
A Fresh Highlight for Traditional Customs-- 2016 Yilan Festival Kicks Off in Victoria Park, Hong Kong
2016年在香港维多利亚公园举行的“一兰节”庆典
A New Highlight for Traditional Customs-- 2016 Yulan Festival Kicks Off in Victoria Park, Hong Kong
2016年在香港维多利亚公园举行的“裕兰节”庆典
A Special Highlight for Traditional Customs-- 2016 Yulan Festival Kicks Off in Victoria Park, Hong Kong
2016年在香港维多利亚公园举行的“裕兰节”庆典
A Fresh Highlights for Traditional Customs-- 2016 Yulan Festival Kicks Off in Victoria Park, Hong Kong
2016年在香港维多利亚公园举行的“裕兰节”庆典
A new Highlight for Traditional Customs-- 2016 Yulan Festival Kicks Off in Victoria Park, Hong Kong
2016年在香港维多利亚公园举行的“裕兰节”庆典
There are music of gongs and drums, traditional snacks, fancy decorations and crowded people.
有锣鼓的音乐 、 传统零食 、 华丽的装饰品和拥挤的人.
There is music of gongs and drums, traditional snacks, fancy decorations and crowded people.
有锣鼓的音乐 、 传统零食 、 华丽的装饰品和拥挤的人.
There are music of gongs and drums, traditional snacks, colorful decorations and crowded people.
有锣鼓的音乐 、 传统零食 、 五颜六色的装饰品和拥挤的人.
There are music of gongs and drums, sweet snacks, fancy decorations and crowded people.
有锣鼓的音乐 、 甜美的零食 、 华丽的装饰品和拥挤的人.
There are music of gongs and drums, light snacks, fancy decorations and crowded people.
有锣鼓的音乐 、 轻便的零食 、 华丽的装饰品和拥挤的人.
There are music of gongs and drums, traditional snacks, flower decorations and crowded people.
有锣鼓的音乐 、 传统零食 、 花卉装饰和拥挤的人.
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, the 2016 Yulan Festival was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest Yulan event in Hong Kong.
2016年的「裕兰节」由香港千州社区组织联合会主办,于当月12日至14日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的「裕兰节」。
Organised by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, the 2016 Yulan Festival was held in Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest Yulan event in Hong Kong.
2016年的「裕兰节」由香港潮州社区组织联合会主办,于本月12日至14日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的「裕兰节」。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, the 2016 Yulan Festival was held in Victoria Park between the 10th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest Yulan event in Hong Kong.
2016年的「裕兰节」由香港千州社区组织联合会主办,于本月十日至十四日期间在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的「裕兰节」。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, the 2016 Yulan Festival was held in Victoria Park between the 11th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest Yulan event in Hong Kong.
2016年的「裕兰节」由香港千州社区组织联合会主办,于本月十一日至十四日期间在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的「裕兰节」。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, the 2016 Yulan Festival was held at Victoria Park between the 12th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest Yulan event in Hong Kong.
2016年的「裕兰节」由香港千州社区组织联合会主办,于当月12日至14日在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的「裕兰节」。
Organized by the Federation of Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community Organizations, the 2016 Yulan Festival was held in Victoria Park between the 8th day and the 14th day of the month. It's the largest Yulan event in Hong Kong.
2016年的「裕兰节」由香港千州社区组织联合会主办,于本月第8天至14天在维多利亚公园举行,是香港最大的「裕兰节」。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", " Parent Basin for the Heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“牺牲赠与”,还添加了“母盆地为肥”为全家。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", " Parent Basin for the Heap " for the entire family are also added.
除了延续现有的“牺牲赠与”和“为肥人而建的母盆地”之外,还给整个家庭增添了。
In addition to a continuation of the existing " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", " Parent Basin for the Heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“牺牲赠予的采摘”外,还为全家增添了“为肥而建的母盆地”。
In addition to this continuation of the existing " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", " Parent Basin for the Heap " for the entire family is also added.
除了延续现有的“献祭献祭”和“为肥人而建的母盆地”之外,还为整个家庭增添了。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", " Parent Basin for the Heap " for the entire family was also added.
除了延续现有的“牺牲赠与”外,还给全家增添了“为肥而建的母盆地”。
In addition to the continuation of the existing " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", " Parent Basin for the Heap " for the entire family were also added.
除了延续现有的“牺牲赠与”和“为肥人而建的母盆地”之外,还给整个家庭增添了“为肥人而建的母盆地”。
Yulan culture's history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Yulan-themed 3D selfie area, traditional snack area and traditional craft mobile classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many little friends and overseas travelers to visit.
以漫画书形式介绍了榆兰文化的历史,并在现场设置了以榆兰为主题的3D自创区、传统小吃区和传统工艺流动教室,吸引了不少小朋友和海外旅客参观。
Yulan culture's history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Yulan-themed 3D selfie area, traditional snack area and traditional craft mobile classroom were set up at the scene, attracting many little friends and overseas travelers to visit.
以漫画书形式介绍了榆兰文化的历史,并在现场设置了以榆兰为主题的3D自创区、传统小吃区和传统工艺流动教室,吸引了不少小朋友和海外旅客参观。
Yulan culture's history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Yulan-style 3D selfie area, traditional snack area and traditional craft mobile classroom are set up at the scene, attracting many little friends and overseas travelers to visit.
以漫画书的形式介绍了裕兰文化的历史,并在现场设置了裕兰式3D自创区、传统小吃区和传统工艺流动教室,吸引了不少小朋友和海外旅客参观。
Yulan culture's history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Yulan-themed 3D selfie area, traditional snack area and traditional craft mobile classroom is set up at the scene, attracting many little friends and overseas travelers to visit.
以漫画书形式介绍了榆兰文化的历史,并在现场设置了以榆兰为主题的3D自创区、传统小吃区和传统手工艺流动教室,吸引了不少小朋友和海外旅客参观。
Yulan culture's history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Yulan-themed 3D selfie area, traditional snack area and traditional craft mobile classroom are put up at the scene, attracting many little friends and overseas travelers to visit.
以漫画书的形式介绍了榆兰文化的历史,并在现场展示了以榆兰为主题的3D自创区、传统小吃区和传统工艺流动教室,吸引了不少小朋友和海外旅客参观。
Yulan culture's history is introduced in the form of comic books. In addition, Yulan-themed 3D selfie area, traditional snack area and traditional craft mobile classroom are set up in the scene, attracting many little friends and overseas travelers to visit.
以漫画书形式介绍了裕兰文化的历史,并建立了以裕兰为主题的3D自创区、传统小吃区和传统工艺流动教室,吸引了广大小朋友和海外旅客参观。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card mobile classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡移动教室里体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for nearly 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card mobile classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡移动教室里体验了很多。
A young couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card mobile classroom.
一对年轻夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡移动教室里体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for over 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card mobile classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了3个多小时,在迷你花卡移动教室里体验了很多。
A French couple lingered at the scene for almost 2 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card mobile classroom.
一对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近2小时,在迷你花卡移动教室里体验了很多。
The French couple lingered at the scene for almost 3 hours and experienced a lot in the mini flower card mobile classroom.
这对法国夫妇在现场逗留了近3个小时,在迷你花卡移动教室里体验了很多。
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I was quite impressed. "
在网上认识了这个特别的节日之后, 我决定来,印象很深刻.
" Not knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I was quite impressed. "
“ 网上不知道这个特殊的节日, 我决定来,我印象深刻. ”
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided to go and I was quite impressed. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后, 我决定去,我非常感动.
" After knowing the special festival online, I decided to come and I was quite impressed. "
在网上了解了这个特别的节日之后, 我决定来,给我留下了深刻的印象.
" After knowing this special festival online, I decided to come and I was very impressed. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后, 我决定来,我印象深刻.
" After knowing this special festival online, I agreed to come and I was quite impressed. "
在网上认识了这个特殊的节日之后, 我同意了,我非常感动.
Although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors in France, the atmosphere is quite solemn, they said. But here you can enjoy music, food and can also learn traditional craft.
虽然法国也有类似的庆典,但是气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
Though there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors in France, the atmosphere is quite solemn, they said. But here you can enjoy music, food and can also learn traditional craft.
虽然法国也有类似的庆典,但是气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
While there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors in France, the atmosphere is quite solemn, they said. But here you can enjoy music, food and can also learn traditional craft.
他们说,虽然法国也有类似的纪念祖先的庆典,但是气氛相当庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐、食物,也可以学习传统手工艺。
As there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors in France, the atmosphere is quite solemn, they said. But here you can enjoy music, food and can also learn traditional craft.
他们表示,由于法国也有纪念祖先的类似节日,气氛相当庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐、食物,也可以学习传统工艺。
Since there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors in France, the atmosphere is quite solemn, they said. But here you can enjoy music, food and can also learn traditional craft.
他们说,由于法国有类似纪念祖先的庆典,气氛相当庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐、食物,也可以学习传统工艺。
Although there are similar festivities commemorating the ancestors in France, the atmosphere is very solemn, they said. But here you can enjoy music, food and can also learn traditional craft.
虽然法国也有类似的庆典,但是气氛却很庄严,但是在这里你可以享受音乐,吃东西,还可以学习传统手工艺。
" It is quite pleasant to see a sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis as Hong Kong, " she said.
“在像香港这样繁忙的金融大都市里,看到一个规模宏大、有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”她说。
" It is very pleasant to see a sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis as Hong Kong, " she said.
“在像香港这样繁忙的金融大都市里,看到一个规模宏大、有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,我感到非常高兴。”她说。
" It is quite pleasant to see a sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis like Hong Kong, " she said.
“在像香港这样繁忙的金融大都市里,看到一个规模宏大、有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,真让人高兴。”她说。
" It is quite pleasant to witness a sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis as Hong Kong, " she said.
“在像香港这样繁忙的金融大都市里,见证一个规模宏大、有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,真是令人愉快。”她说。
" It is quite pleasant to see a sizable and organized ancestor worship ceremony in such a busy international metropolis as Hong Kong, " she said.
“在像香港这样繁忙的国际大都市里,看到一个规模宏大、有组织的祖先崇拜仪式,真令人高兴。”她说。
" It is quite pleasant to see a sizable and organized Hindu worship ceremony in such a busy financial metropolis as Hong Kong, " she said.
“在像香港这样繁忙的金融大都市里,看到一个规模宏大、有组织的印度教崇拜仪式,真让人高兴。”她说。
" This not only embodies the diversity of the Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand and inherit these traditional crafts. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,也让更多人能够理解和继承这些传统手工艺品。
" It not only embodies the diversity of the Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand and inherit these traditional crafts. "
它不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,还让更多人能够理解和继承这些传统手工艺品。
" This not only embodies the diversity of the Chinese culture, but also enables more people to understand and inherit these traditional crafts. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,也使更多人能够理解和继承这些传统手工艺品。
" This not only embodies the diversity of the Chinese people, but also allows more people to understand and inherit these traditional crafts. "
这不仅体现了中国人的多样性,也让更多人能够理解和继承这些传统手工艺品。
" This not only embodies the diversity of the Chinese culture, but also allows more people to understand and inherit the traditional crafts. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,也让更多人能够理解和继承传统手工艺品。
" This not only embodies the diversity of the Chinese culture, but also helps more people to understand and inherit these traditional crafts. "
这不仅体现了中国文化的多样性,而且有助于更多人理解和继承这些传统手工艺品。
" We do not want to make the Yulan festival very horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不希望让玉兰节变得非常恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是小孩,”活动的主要负责人胡彦颂说。
" I do not want to make the Yulan festival very horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我不想让玉兰节变得非常恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是小孩,”活动的主要负责人胡彦颂说。
" We do not want to make the Yulan festival very horrifying, which may spook people, particularly the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不希望让玉兰节变得非常恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是孩子,”活动的主要负责人胡彦颂说。
" We do not want to make the Yulan festival too horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不想让玉兰节太恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是小孩,”活动的主要负责人胡延颂说。
" We do not want to make the Yulan festival so horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不想让玉兰节如此恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是小孩,”活动的主要负责人胡延颂说。
" We do not want to make the Yilan festival very horrifying, which may spook people, especially the children, " said Hu Yansong, the chief responsible person of the event.
“我们不想让兰节变得非常恐怖,这可能会吓到人们,特别是孩子,”活动的主要负责人胡延颂说。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, young people will know that the culture behind the Yulan festival is to express filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人明白,裕兰节的文化是表达孝道和感恩的。
" I hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, young people will know that the culture behind the Yulan festival is to express filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人明白,裕兰节背后的文化就是表达孝顺和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, young people will know that the culture behind the Yulan festival exists to express filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让青年们明白,裕兰节背后的文化存在,以表达孝道和感恩之情。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, young people will know that the culture behind the Yulan festival seeks to express filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人明白,玉兰节背后的文化是为了表达孝道和感恩。”
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, young people will know that the culture behind the Yulan festival serves to express filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人明白,玉兰节背后的文化是为了表达孝顺和感恩。
" We hope that through the youthful activities and layout of the scene, young people will know that the culture behind the Yulan festival aims to express filial piety and thanksgiving. "
我们希望通过青年的活动和场景布局,让年轻人明白,裕兰节背后的文化是为了表达孝顺和感恩。
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", which is not only organized by communities but also held in cooperation with schools and attended by students.
他还说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"献礼抢夺",这不仅由社区组织,而且与学校合作举办,学生也参加。
He further said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", which is not only organized by communities but also held in cooperation with schools and attended by students.
他又说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"献礼抢夺",这不仅由社区组织,而且与学校合作举办,学生也参加。
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participate in " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", which is not only organized by communities but also held in cooperation with schools and attended by students.
他还说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"献礼抢夺",这不仅由社区组织,而且与学校合作举办,学生也参加。
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", which is not only organised by communities but also held in cooperation with schools and attended by students.
他还说,这次共有24支队伍参加了"牺牲赠与",这不仅由社区组织,而且与学校合作举办,学生也参加。
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", which is not only hosted by communities but also held in cooperation with schools and attended by students.
他还说,这次共有24个小组参加了"献礼抢奖",这不仅由社区主办,而且与学校合作举办,学生也参加。
He also said that this time a total of 24 teams participated in " Sacrificial Offering Grabbing ", which is not only organized by communities but also done in cooperation with schools and attended by students.
他还说,这次共有24个小组参加了"献礼抢奖",这不仅由社区组织,而且与学校合作,并有学生参加。
It is learned that the Yulan Festival of the Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community was included in the National Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港千州裕兰节被列入国家非物质文化遗产名录。
It is learned that the Yilan Festival of the Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community was included in the National Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港千州社区一兰节被列入国家非物质文化遗产名录。
It is learned that the Yulan Festival of the Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community is included in the National Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港千州裕兰节被列入国家非物质文化遗产名录。
It is learned that the Yulan Festival of the Hong Kong Chiu Chow Community was included on the National Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港千州裕兰节被列入国家非物质文化遗产名录。
It is learned that the Yulan Festival of the Hong Kong Siu Chow Community was included in the National Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2011.
据悉,香港小周裕兰节于2011年被列入国家非物质文化遗产名录。
It is learned that the Yulan Festival of the Hong Kong Yiu Chow Community was included in the National Intangible Cultural Heritage List in 2011.
据悉,2011年,香港州裕兰节被列入国家非物质文化遗产名录。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City along with its famous TV play " White Snake ". They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月11日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团与著名的电视剧《白蛇》一道,千里迢迢地来到墨西哥城,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
In the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City along with its famous TV play " White Snake ". They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团与著名的电视剧《白蛇》一道,千里迢迢地来到墨西哥城,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
On the afternoon of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City along with its famous TV play " White Snake ". They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日下午,中国国家京剧剧团与著名的电视剧《白蛇》一道,千里迢迢来到墨西哥城,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City along with its famous TV play " White Snake ". It presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月11日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团与著名的电视剧《白蛇》一道,千里迢迢地来到墨西哥城,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater travelled thousands of miles to Mexico City along with its famous TV play " White Snake ". They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团与著名的电视剧《白蛇》一道,千里迢迢地来到墨西哥城,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
On the evening of the 11th day of the month, China National Peking Opera Theater traveled thousands of miles to Mexico City along with their famous TV play " White Snake ". They presented the local people with an authentic Peking Opera feast in the Mexican National Palace.
本月十一日晚上,中国国家京剧剧团与著名的电视剧《白蛇》一道,千里迢迢地来到墨西哥城,在墨西哥国家宫内为当地人民举行了真正的京剧宴会。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other two cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城和科尔多瓦、华雷斯等两个城市演出了七部歌剧。
As a key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other two cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城和科尔多瓦、华雷斯等两个城市演出了七部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from August 9 to 21, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other two cities.
作为8月9日至21日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等两个城市演出了七部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from April 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other two cities.
作为4月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城和科尔多瓦、华雷斯等两个城市演出了七部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", from October 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other two cities.
作为10月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要演出项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城、科尔多瓦、华雷斯等两个城市演出了七部歌剧。
As the key performance project of " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year ", between August 9 to 23, China National Peking Opera Theater performed seven opera in the Mexican capital Mexico City and Córdoba, Juarez and other two cities.
作为8月9日至23日“中拉美文化交流年”的主要表现项目,中国京剧剧院在墨西哥首都墨西哥城和科尔多瓦、华雷斯等两个城市演出了七部歌剧。
The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
The audience often smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众们常常微笑着,有时还因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
The audience usually smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众们通常会微笑,有时会因“白蛇”插曲的变化和结尾以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded at the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
The audience sometimes smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode by the actor's singing.
观众有时会微笑,有时会因演员的歌声中“白蛇”一幕的变化而鼓掌。
The audience always smiled and sometimes applauded for the changing and concluding of the " White Snake " episode and the actor's singing.
观众总是微笑着,有时还因《白蛇》的改编和结束以及演员的歌声而鼓掌。
Marissa Jimenez Kachie, who watched Peking Opera 15 years ago, watched the performance along with her daughter.
15年前看京剧的玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇(Marissa Jimenez Kachie)和她的女儿一起看戏。
Marissa Jimenez Tachie, who watched Peking Opera 15 years ago, watched the performance along with her daughter.
15年前看京剧的玛丽莎·希门尼斯·塔齐(Marissa Jimenez Tachie)和她的女儿一起看戏。
Marissa Jimenez Kachie, who watched Peking Opera many years ago, watched the performance along with her daughter.
多年前看京剧的玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇(Marissa Jimenez Kachie)和她的女儿一起看戏。
Marissa Jimenez Kachie, who watched Peking Opera several years ago, watched the performance along with her daughter.
几年前看京剧的玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇和她的女儿一起看戏。
Marissa Jimenez Kachie, who watched Peking Opera three years ago, watched the performance along with her daughter.
三年前看京剧的玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇(Marissa Jimenez Kachie)和她的女儿一起看戏。
Marissa Jimenez Kachie, who watched Peking Opera two years ago, watched the performance along with her daughter.
两年前看京剧的玛丽莎·希门尼斯·卡奇(Marissa Jimenez Kachie)和她的女儿一起看戏。
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me... I think it is necessary to let my daughter appreciate the Chinese culture and Peking Opera art. "
“ 这是一个很棒的表演,它的音乐、灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻......我认为有必要让我的女儿欣赏中国文化和京剧艺术。”
" It is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me... I think it is necessary to let my daughter appreciate the Chinese culture and Peking Opera art. "
表演非常精彩,它的音乐、灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻......我认为有必要让我的女儿欣赏中国文化和京剧艺术。
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances seem impressive to me... I think it is necessary to let my daughter appreciate the Chinese culture and Peking Opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演. 对我来说,它的音乐, 灯光和舞台表演都很令人印象深刻. 我认为有必要让我的女儿欣赏中国文化和京剧艺术. ”
" This is a fantastic performance. The music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me... I think it is necessary to let my daughter appreciate the Chinese culture and Peking Opera art. "
“ 这是一个很棒的表演,音乐、灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻......我认为有必要让我的女儿欣赏中国文化和京剧艺术。”
" This is a wonderful performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances are impressive to me... I think it is necessary to let my daughter appreciate the Chinese culture and Peking Opera art. "
“ 这是一种美妙的表演,它的音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让我的女儿欣赏中国文化和京剧艺术。”
" This is a fantastic performance. Its music, lighting and stage performances were impressive to me... I think it is necessary to let my daughter appreciate the Chinese culture and Peking Opera art. "
“ 这真是一场精彩的表演, 音乐, 灯光和舞台表演让我印象深刻...... 我认为有必要让我的女儿欣赏中国文化和京剧艺术。”
The enthusiasm of Mexican audiences left a deep impression on Fu Jia, the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给女演员傅佳留下了深刻的印象。
The enthusiasm of Mexican audiences left a profound impression on Fu Jia, the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给女演员傅佳留下了深刻的印象。
The enthusiasm of Mexican audiences left a strong impression on Fu Jia, the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给女演员傅佳留下了深刻的印象。
The enthusiasm of Mexican audiences made a deep impression on Fu Jia, the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给女演员傅佳留下了深刻的印象。
The enthusiasm of Mexican audiences left a lasting impression on Fu Jia, the young actress of lady white.
墨西哥观众的热情给女演员傅佳留下了长久的印象。
The shock of Mexican audiences left a deep impression on Fu Jia, the young actress of lady white.
观众对墨西哥观众的震撼给女演员傅佳留下了深刻的印象。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audiences were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them master the story content and their laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但今天看到他们掌握故事内容和笑声,我实在想不到。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audiences were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, and it was beyond my expectation to see them master the story content and their laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解故事,而且今天看到他们掌握故事内容和笑声,我真想不通。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audiences seemed so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them master the story content and their laughter today.
我从未想过墨西哥观众似乎如此热情,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但今天看到他们掌握故事内容和笑声,我实在太期待了。
" It never occurred to me why the Mexican audiences were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them master the story content and their laughter today.
我从未想过为什么墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但今天看到他们掌握故事内容和笑声,我实在想不到。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audiences are so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectation to see them master the story content and their laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但今天看到他们掌握故事内容和笑声,我实在想不到。
" It never occurred to me that the Mexican audiences were so enthusiastic. I had some worries about whether they could understand the story, but it was beyond my expectations to see them master the story content and their laughter today.
我从未想到墨西哥观众如此热心,我担心他们能否理解这个故事,但今天看到他们掌握故事内容和笑声,超出我的期待。
Qiu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使邱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Gu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使顾小琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民相互理解和友谊的增进。
Qu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使屈小琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Niu Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使牛小琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Hou Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使侯晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
Qian Xiaoqi, the Chinese ambassador to Mexico, said that the various cultural exchange activities of this year's " Sino-Latin American Cultural Exchange Year " promoted the two peoples to deepen mutual understanding and enhance their friendship.
中国驻墨西哥大使钱晓琪表示,今年“中拉美文化交流年”的多种文化交流活动,促进了两国人民加深相互理解,增进友谊。
The 45th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico will occur the next year. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交45周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
The 40th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico will occur the next year. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交40周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
The 25th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico will occur the next year. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交25周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
The 50th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico will occur the next year. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交50周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
The 60th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico will occur the next year. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交60周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
The 100th anniversary for the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Mexico will occur the next year. By then there will be more cultural exchange activities held in China and Mexico.
明年是中墨建交一百周年,届时两国将开展更多的文化交流活动。
Liu Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required improvement of the level of urban construction and management
刘思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
Liu Beigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required improvement of the level of urban construction and management
刘备贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
Liu Zigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required improvement of the level of urban construction and management
刘子贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
Liu Feigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required improvement of the level of urban construction and management
刘飞贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
Wang Cigui came to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required improvement of the level of urban construction and management
王思贵来到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
Liu Cigui went to Sanya for the research of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and required improvement of the level of urban construction and management
刘思桂到三亚进行“双修复双城”研究,要求提高城市建设管理水平
On the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
In the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
On the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the reports of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,并听取了有关部门的建议和评论。
On the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the reports and comments of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告,以及有关部门的报告和评论。
On the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and proposals of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告及相关部门的建议与建议。
On the morning of 12th day of the month, Liu Cigui presided over a symposium, listened to the report of the progress of the pilot project of " Double Restoration and Dual City " and the suggestions and recommendations of the relevant departments.
周一上午12时,刘志贵主持了研讨会,听取了“双复和双城”试点工作进展情况报告及相关部门的意见和建议。
Liu Cigui spoke highly of the milestone results and good experiences and practices.
刘志贵高度评价了里程碑式的成果和良好的经验和实践。
Liu Beigui spoke highly of the milestone results and good experiences and practices.
刘备贵高度评价了里程碑式的成果和良好的经验和实践。
Liu Zigui spoke highly of the milestone results and good experiences and practices.
刘志贵高度评价了这一里程碑式的成果以及良好的经验和实践。
Liu Feigui spoke highly of the milestone results and good experiences and practices.
刘飞贵高度评价了里程碑式的成果和良好的经验和实践。
Liu Cigui wrote highly of the milestone results and good experiences and practices.
刘志贵高度评价了这一里程碑式的成果以及良好的经验和实践。
President Cigui spoke highly of the milestone results and good experiences and practices.
齐吉总统高度评价了具有里程碑意义的成果以及良好的经验和做法。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and give full play to its leading role of demonstration in the province's economic and social development process by means of the significant pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City ".
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,充分发挥其在该省经济和社会发展进程中的主导作用,大力开展“双复兴双城”试点工作。
Liu Zigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and give full play to its leading role of demonstration in the province's economic and social development process by means of the significant pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City ".
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,充分发挥其在省内经济社会发展进程中的主导作用,大力开展“双复兴双城”试点工作。
Liu Beigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and give full play to its leading role of demonstration in the province's economic and social development process by means of the significant pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City ".
刘备贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,充分发挥其在该省经济和社会发展进程中的主导作用,大力开展“双复兴双城”试点工作。
Liu Feigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and give full play to its leading role of demonstration in the province's economic and social development process by means of the significant pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City ".
刘飞贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,充分发挥其在该省经济和社会发展进程中的主导作用,大力开展“双复兴双城”试点工作。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya must firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and give full play to its leading role of demonstration in the province's economic and social development process by means of the significant pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City ".
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,充分发挥其在该省经济和社会发展进程中的主导作用,大力开展“双复兴双城”试点工作。
Liu Cigui stressed that Sanya should firmly grasp the historical development opportunities and give full play to its leading role of demonstration in the province's economic and social development process by means of the successful pilot work of " Double Restoration and Dual City ".
刘志贵强调,三亚要牢牢把握历史发展机遇,充分发挥其在该省经济和社会发展进程中的主导作用,成功开展“双复兴双城”试点工作。
It should take the lead to improve the internationalization of the international tourism island and enrich international elements and build a famous international brand from the details.
引导国际旅游岛国国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上打造出国际知名品牌。
It should take the lead to improve the internationalization of the international tourism island and enrich international elements and create a famous international brand from the details.
引导国际旅游岛国国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上打造出国际知名品牌。
It should take the lead to improve the internationalization of the international tourism island and enrich international elements and develop a famous international brand from the details.
引导国际旅游岛国国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上发展出国际知名品牌。
It will take the lead to improve the internationalization of the international tourism island and enrich international elements and build a famous international brand from the details.
将带头促进国际旅游岛的国际化,丰富国际元素,从细节上建立国际知名品牌。
It would take the lead to improve the internationalization of the international tourism island and enrich international elements and build a famous international brand from the details.
它将引领国际旅游岛国的国际化,丰富国际元素,并从细节上打造出一个著名的国际品牌。
They should take the lead to improve the internationalization of the international tourism island and enrich international elements and build a famous international brand from the details.
它们应带头促进国际旅游岛国的国际化,丰富国际元素,并从细节上建立国际知名品牌。
It should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
It should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the creation of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇的建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
It should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the development of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
It should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, promote the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,推进特色城镇建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
It should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and incorporate tourism into each project and build each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
领导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇建设成为旅游胜地。
It should lead in the urban and rural integration and tourism, accelerate the construction of characteristic town and integrate tourism into each project and develop each village and town of Sanya into tourist attractions.
引导城乡一体化和旅游,加快特色城镇建设,将旅游纳入每个项目,将三亚村镇发展成为旅游胜地。
It should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality projects and implement the various requirements for the big moves.
引导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量项目的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
It should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-value projects and implement the various requirements for the big moves.
引导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高价值项目的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
It should lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-priority projects and implement the various requirements for the big moves.
引导“百日社会服务投资行动”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高优先项目的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
It will lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality projects and implement the various requirements for the big moves.
领导“百日社会服务投资”活动,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量项目的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
It should lead in " the 100-point social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality projects and implement the various requirements for the big moves.
引导“百点社会服务投资”,推进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量项目的结算,落实大动向的各项要求。
It would lead in " the 100-day social service investment move " and promote a batch of key projects and park construction to ensure the settlement of high-quality projects and implement the various requirements for the big moves.
它将引领“百日社会服务投资行动”,促进一批重点项目和园区建设,确保高质量项目的结算,落实大动作的各种要求。
Zhang Qi, member of the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor, and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of the provincial government, participated in the research seminars.
省常委会委员张琦、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Yi, member of the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor, and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of the provincial government, participated in the research seminars.
省常委会委员张仪、三亚市党委书记王鲁副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Li Qi, member of the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor, and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of the provincial government, participated in the research seminars.
省常委会委员李琦、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Jun, member of the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor, and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of the provincial government, participated in the research seminars.
省常委会委员张军、三亚市党委书记王鲁副省长和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Wang Qi, member of the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor, and Lu Zhiyuan, secretary general of the provincial government, participated in the research seminars.
省常委会委员王淇、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长王路和省政府秘书长鲁志远参加了研究研讨会。
Zhang Qi, member of the Provincial Standing Committee and Sanya Municipal Party Committee Secretary, Wang Lu, vice governor, and Wang Zhiyuan, secretary general of the provincial government, participated in the research seminars.
省常务委员会委员张琦、三亚市党委书记王鲁、副省长王志远和省政府秘书长王志远参加了研究研讨会。
During the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese athlete to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一位中国运动员。
In the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese athlete to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一位中国运动员。
Over the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese athlete to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一位中国运动员。
During the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese athlete to win three Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为第一位在中国奥运史上赢得3枚金牌的中国运动员。
During the 14 years of her sports career, Deng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese athlete to win eight Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,邓亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在奥运史上赢得8枚金牌的第一位中国运动员。
During the 14 years of her sports career, Meng Yaping won a total of 18 world championships, becoming the first Chinese athlete to win four Olympic gold medals in China's Olympic history.
在她14年的体育生涯中,孟亚平总共赢得了18个世界冠军,成为在中国奥运史上赢得4枚金牌的第一位中国运动员。
She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她连续8年在乒乓球比赛中位居榜首,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球比赛史上最长时间里名列“世界第一位”的女性运动员。
She was first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
在乒乓球运动史上,她第一次在乒乓球比赛中站了8年,保持了世界第一位,并且是位女性运动员,在乒乓球运动史上排行榜上的“世界第一位”。
She ranks first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她位居乒乓球榜首,连续8年保持世界第一位,也是乒乓球史上最长久以来“世界第一位”的女运动员。
She ranked first in the table tennis in 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
在8年来的乒乓球比赛中,她位居榜首,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球比赛史上最长久的一位“世界第一位”女性运动员。
She is first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a female athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她首次在乒乓球比赛中保持8年的世界第一,也是在乒乓球史上最长时间里被评为“世界第一”的女性运动员。
She ranked first in the table tennis for 8 years to maintain the world's first and is a woman athlete to rank as the " the world's first " for the longest time in the history of table tennis.
她连续8年在乒乓球比赛中位居榜首,保持了世界第一位,也是在乒乓球比赛史上最长时间里名列“世界第一位”的女运动员。
On September 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年9月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On August 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年8月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On July 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年7月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On October 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年10月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On November 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年11月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
On February 26, 2010, she served as Deputy Secretary-General of People's Daily, general manager of People's Search Network Co., Ltd. and the department-level cadre.
2010年2月26日,她担任人民日报副秘书长、人民搜索网有限公司总经理和部门干部。
Recently, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
Recently, she will work together with Li Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她将与黎明合作,建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
Recently, she will work together with Wang Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她将与王明明合作,建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
Recently, she would work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她将与余明联手打造国内首个体育产业创新创业平台。
Recently, she has work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
近日,她与余明合力打造了国内首个体育产业创新创业平台。
Later, she will work together with Yu Minhong to build the first domestic sports industry innovation and entrepreneurship platform.
随后,她将与余明联手建立国内首个体育产业创新和创业平台。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glories for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the newcomers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣耀,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,培养了大批冠军。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glories for the country. In retirement, they passed what they learned to the newcomers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣耀,在退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,并培养了大批冠军。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glories for the country. Upon retirement, they passed what they learned to the newcomers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣耀,退休后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,培养了大批冠军。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and achieved countless glories for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the newcomers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家带来了无数的辉煌,退休后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,培养了大批冠军。
There was also a team of star coaches of the Chinese sports circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glories for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the newcomers and cultivated a great number of champions.
中国的体育圈里也有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数荣誉,退役后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,培养了大批冠军。
There was also a team of star coaches in the Chinese athletic circle. They were gorgeous in the era of athletes and won countless glories for the country. After retirement, they passed what they learned to the newcomers and cultivated a great number of champions.
在中国的体育圈里还有一群明星教练,他们在运动员时代很出色,为国家赢得了无数的荣耀,退休后,他们把学到的知识传给了新来者,培养了大批冠军。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌在退休后选择拿起指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Wang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,王玉斌在退役后选择拿起指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin decided to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌退休后决定拿起指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Liu Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,刘玉斌在退役后选择拿起指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Li Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,李玉斌在退休后选择了拿指针。
As the first world champion in Chinese men's gymnastics, Huang Yubin refused to pick up the pointer after retirement.
作为中国男子体操比赛的第一位世界冠军,黄玉斌退休后拒绝拿起指针。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 7 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了7枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 3 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和3枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper in the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 6 gold, 1 silver and 4 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了6枚金牌、1枚银牌和4枚铜牌。
From the women's team coach to the men's team coach, to the head coach, Huang Yubin created an " Olympic gold group ", and led to win 9 gold, 1 silver and 2 copper at the Beijing Olympic Games.
从女队教练到男队教练,再到男队主教练,黄玉斌创立了一个“奥运金赛团”,在北京奥运会上夺得了9枚金牌、1枚银牌和2枚铜牌。
Since then, Tian Liang has been repeatedly acting as an advertising endorser. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
从那时起,天亮就屡次担任广告的代言人,近年来他甚至还担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Since then, Bian Liang has been repeatedly acting as an advertising endorser. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,边梁屡次担任广告的承销人,近年来他甚至还担任过“牛头”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been repeatedly acting as an advertising endorser. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Fei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天亮多次担任广告的承销人,近年来他甚至还担任过“牛头”、“飞凤”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been repeatedly acting as an advertising endorser. He has even acted as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天亮多次担任广告的代言人,近年来他甚至还担任过“牛群”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been repeatedly acting as an advertising endorser. He has even served as a " Cowherd ", " Bi Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天亮多次担任广告的代言人,近年来他甚至还担任过“牛儿”、“碧凤”等重要角色。
Since then, Tian Liang has been repeatedly acting as an advertising endorser. He has even worked as a " Cowherd ", " Lei Feng " and other important roles in recent years.
自那以后,天亮屡次担任广告的代言人,近年来他甚至还担任过“牛群”、“雷锋”等重要角色。
Many NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is a setback.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的力量, 但是只要有进步, 就会有挫折.
All NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is a setback.
所有的NBA球员都证明了他们的力量, 但是只要有进步, 就会有挫折.
Many NBA players have proved their strength. Yet whenever there is progress, there is a setback.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的力量, 然而只要有进步, 就会有挫折.
Many NBA players have proven their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is a setback.
许多NBA球员证明了他们的力量, 但是只要有进步, 就会有挫折.
Many great players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is a setback.
许多伟大的球员证明了他们的力量,但是只要有进步,就会有挫折。
The NBA players have proved their strength. But whenever there is progress, there is a setback.
NBA球员已经证明了他们的力量, 但是只要有进步, 就会有挫折.
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limit in playing time, there were always some players having worse performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的增加或者比赛时间的限制,总有一些球员每个赛季的表现较差。
Whether this is because of the increase in age or limit in playing time, there were always some players having worse performance each season.
无论是年龄增加还是比赛时间的限制,总有一些球员每个赛季的表现较差。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limit in playing time, there were always some players having worse performance every season.
无论是由于年龄的增加或者比赛时间的限制,总有一些球员每个赛季的表现较差。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limit in playing time, there were always some players with worse performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的增加或者比赛时间的限制,总有一些球员每个赛季的表现较差。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limit in playing time, there were always several players having worse performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的增加或者比赛时间的限制,总有一些球员每个赛季的表现较差。
Whether it is because of the increase in age or limit in playing time, there were always many players having worse performance each season.
无论是由于年龄的增加或者比赛时间的限制,每个赛季总是有许多球员表现较差。
Of course, some " setbacks " may only be data shrink and the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
当然,一些“挫折”可能只是数据萎缩,这些玩家的力量可能没有被降低。
Of course, some " setbacks " may only be data shrink and the strength of these players would not have been reduced.
当然,一些“挫折”可能只是数据萎缩,这些玩家的力量不会减弱。
Of course, some " setbacks " may only be data shrink and the strength of these players should not have been reduced.
当然,一些“挫折”可能只是数据萎缩,这些玩家的力量不应该被降低。
Of course, some " setbacks " may only be data shrink and the strength of these players could not have been reduced.
当然,一些“挫折”可能只是数据萎缩,这些玩家的力量是不可能被降低的。
Of course, some " setbacks " may only be data shrink and the strength of these players might not have been reduced.
当然,一些“挫折”可能只是数据萎缩,这些玩家的力量可能不会减弱。
Of these, some " setbacks " may only be data shrink and the strength of these players may not have been reduced.
其中,一些“挫折”可能只是数据萎缩,这些玩家的力量可能没有被降低。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Miami Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现也不如迈阿密热队好。
Even though Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Miami Heat.
尽管韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,但他在公牛队的表现不如迈阿密热队好。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his play in the Bulls is not so good as that of the Miami Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的比赛也不如迈阿密热队的好。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance with the Bulls is not so good as that of the Miami Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛中最好的后卫之一,他和公牛队的表现也不如迈阿密热队好。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance in the Bulls was not so good as that of the Miami Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他在公牛队的表现也不如迈阿密热队好。
Even if Wade is still one of the league's best linebacker, his performance for the Bulls is not so good as that of the Miami Heat.
即使韦德仍然是联赛最好的后卫之一,他为公牛队的表现也不如迈阿密热队好。
The backcourt range of he and Rondo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite congested.
他和伦多的后场范围是有限的,主星巴特勒的三点命中率只有32.8%,这使得他们的下赛季犯规率相当拥挤。
The frontcourt range of he and Rondo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite congested.
他和伦多的前场范围有限,主星巴特勒的三点命中率仅为32.8%,这使得他们下赛季的进攻十分拥挤。
The backcourt range of he and Rondo is limited. The 3-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite congested.
他和伦多的后场范围是有限的,主星巴特勒的三点命中率只有32.8%,这使得他们的下赛季犯规率相当拥挤。
The backcourt range of he and Rondo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 7 %, making their next-season offence quite congested.
他和伦多的后场范围是有限的,主星巴特勒的三点命中率只有32.7%,这使得他们的下赛季进攻相当拥挤。
The backcourt range of he and Rondo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is just 32. 6 %, making their next-season offence quite congested.
他和伦多的后场范围是有限的,主星巴特勒的三点命中率只有32.6%,这使得他们的下赛季进攻相当拥挤。
The backcourt range of he and Rondo is limited. The three-point hit rate of headed star Butler is only 32. 8 %, making their next-season offence quite congested.
他和伦多的后场范围是有限的,主星巴特勒的三点命中率只有32.8%,这使得他们的下赛季进攻相当拥挤。
After coming to Windy City, Wade will definitely pass the ball to Butler and Rondo and he himself chose to play healthy in the regular games.
韦德来到风城后,一定会把球传给巴特勒和隆多,他自己也选择在常规的比赛中健康地踢球。
After going to Windy City, Wade will definitely pass the ball to Butler and Rondo and he himself chose to play healthy in the regular games.
去风城后,韦德一定会把球传给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规的比赛中健康地踢球。
After returning to Windy City, Wade will definitely pass the ball to Butler and Rondo and he himself chose to play healthy in the regular games.
回到风城后,韦德一定会把球传给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规的比赛中健康地踢球。
Upon coming to Windy City, Wade will definitely pass the ball to Butler and Rondo and he himself chose to play healthy in the regular games.
韦德一到风城,一定会把球传给巴特勒和隆多,他自己也选择在常规的比赛中健康地踢球。
After coming to Windy City, Wade will definitely pass the ball to Butler and Rondo but he himself chose to play healthy in the regular games.
韦德来到了风城,他一定会把球传给巴特勒和隆多,但他自己选择在常规的比赛中保持健康。
After coming to Windy City, Wade will definitely pass the ball to Butler and Rondo and he himself chose to stay healthy in the regular games.
韦德来到风城后,一定会把球传给巴特勒和隆多,他自己选择在常规的比赛中保持降。
Okafor's situation is a bit embarrassing. As the first choice of the 76ers last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Embiid in the new season.
奥卡福尔的情况有点尴尬,作为76人上赛季的首选,他不得不在新赛季与西蒙斯和恩比德争夺比赛时间和球位。
Okafor's situation is a little embarrassing. As the first choice of the 76ers last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Embiid in the new season.
奥卡福尔的情况有点尴尬,作为76人上赛季的首选,他不得不在新赛季与西蒙斯和恩比德争夺比赛时间和球位。
Okafor's situation is a bit embarrassing. Being the first choice of the 76ers last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Embiid in the new season.
奥卡福尔的情况有点尴尬,作为76人上赛季的首选,他不得不在新赛季与西蒙斯和恩比德争夺比赛时间和球位。
Okafor's situation is a bit embarrassing. As the first choice of the 76ers last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Embiid for the new season.
奥卡福尔的情况有点尴尬,作为76人上赛季的首选,他不得不与西蒙斯和恩比德争夺新赛季的比赛时间和球位。
Okafor's situation is a bit embarrassing. As the first choice of the 76ers last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Obiid in the new season.
奥卡福尔的情况有点尴尬,作为76人上赛季的首选,他不得不在新赛季与西蒙斯和奥比德争夺比赛时间和球位。
Okafor's situation is a bit embarrassing. As the first choice of the 76ers last season, he had to compete for playing time and ball right with Simmons and Embiid until the new season.
奥卡福尔的情况有点尴尬,作为76人上赛季的首选,他不得不与西蒙斯和恩比德争夺比赛时间和球,直到新赛季。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also needs to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Embiid must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of the 76ers remains a question.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Empiid必须尽快完全从伤病中恢复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中占据一席之地仍是一个问题。
The competition may not come soon. Simmons also needs to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Embiid must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of the 76ers remains a question.
比赛可能不会很快到来,西蒙斯也需要适应NBA的球场,Empiid也必须尽快完全从伤病中恢复,但是奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中占据一席之地仍是一个问题。
That competition may not come soon. Simmons also needs to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Embiid must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of the 76ers remains a question.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Empiid必须尽快完全从伤病中恢复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中占据一席之地仍是一个问题。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also needs to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Ubiid must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of the 76ers remains a question.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Ubiid必须尽快从伤病中完全康复,但奥卡福能否在76人的长阵列中找到位置仍是一个问题。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also needs to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Embiid must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor will have a position in the long array of the 76ers remains a question.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Empiid必须尽快完全从伤病中恢复,但是奥卡福尔是否在76人的长阵容中的位置仍然是个问题。
This competition may not come soon. Simmons also needs to adapt to the NBA stadium, and Embiid must also be fully recovered from the injury as soon as possible, but whether Okafor can have a position in the long array of the 76ers is a question.
赛蒙斯也需要适应NBA球场,Empiid必须尽快完全从伤病中恢复,但是奥卡福能否在76人的长阵容中占据一席之地是一个问题。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor came from low position attacks. The ratio is higher than Cousins, Vukcevic and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福32%的得分来自低位攻击,比克萨斯、武克切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹的得分率更高,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前40。
Last year, 32 % of the score of Okafor came from low position attacks. The ratio is higher than Cousins, Vukcevic and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
去年,Okafor的得分有32%来自低位攻击,这一比例高于Couses、Vukcevic和Brook Lopez,而他的使用率也是该联盟前40名。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor came from low position attacks. This ratio is higher than Cousins, Vukcevic and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福32%的得分来自低位攻击,这一比例高于克萨斯、武克切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹,而他的得分率也是联盟前40名。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor comes from low position attacks. The ratio is higher than Cousins, Vukcevic and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福32%的得分来自低位攻击,比克萨斯、武克切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹的得分率更高,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前40。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor came from low position attacks. The ratio is higher than Cousin, Vukcevic and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福32%的得分来自低位攻击,比库桑、武克切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹的得分率更高,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前40。
Last season, 32 % of the score of Okafor was from low position attacks. The ratio is higher than Cousins, Vukcevic and Brook Lopez, while his use rate is also the top 40 in the league.
上赛季,奥卡福32%的得分来自低位攻击,比克萨斯、武克切维奇和布鲁克·洛佩兹的得分率更高,而他的得分率在联赛中也名列前40。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potential, Embiid also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的前向潜力,Empiid的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potential, Obiid also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的前锋潜力,奥比德的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With him already showing a good point-forward potential, Embiid also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
由于他已经展示了良好的前锋潜力,Empiid的身材也更好,更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么稳固。
With Simmons already showing a great point-forward potential, Embiid also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经展示了巨大的前锋潜力,Empiid的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already showing a good point-forward potential, Embiid also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position was hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经显示出了良好的前向潜力,Empiid的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
With Simmons already showing a strong point-forward potential, Embiid also has a better stature more suitable for NBA games and Okafor's position is hard to be so solid.
西蒙斯已经展示了强大的前锋潜力,Empiid的身材也更适合NBA的比赛,奥卡佛的位置也很难那么坚实。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
For the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
过去两个赛季,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
During the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
In the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
Over the past two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the Top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去的两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛的20强,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
Over the last two seasons, Thompson's use rate has stabilized in the top 20 of the league and this is the best two seasons for his career.
在过去两个赛季中,汤普森的用量稳定在联赛前20名,这是他职业生涯中最好的两个赛季。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance rate will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观率肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance rate will surely fall, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的出场率肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的出场。
And the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance rate will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观率肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, after the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance rate will surely decline, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,在杜兰特到达后,汤普森的外观率肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的比赛。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance rate will surely drop, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的出场率肯定会下降,这必然会影响他的出场。
But the problem is, with the arrival of Durant, Thompson's appearance rate will surely rise, which is bound to affect his play.
但问题是,随着杜兰特的到来,汤普森的外观率肯定会上升,这必然会影响他的比赛。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
The effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
This change will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这一变化将不仅是射击次数的影响,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会减少对手的防守难度。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be significantly reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be drastically reduced, which in some ways will reduce the opponent's defense difficulty.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森在下赛季的进攻肯定会急剧减少,在某些方面会减少对手的防守难度。
This effect will not only be the impact of the number of shots, Thompson's holding attack in the next season will certainly be greatly reduced, which in some ways will reduce his opponent's defense difficulty.
这种效果不仅会影响射击次数,汤普森下赛季的进攻肯定会大大降低,在某些方面会降低对手的防守难度。
Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森。
Brant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
布兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负面影响最大的球员可能是汤普森球员。
Farrant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
法兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森。
Dutton's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
达顿的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森。
Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the biggest negative effect is probably that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负效应的可能是汤普森。
Durant's arrival will certainly negatively affect the score of Warriors players, but the one with the most negative effect is perhaps that of Thompson.
杜兰特的到来肯定会对勇士球员的分数产生负面影响,但最负面影响最大的球员可能是汤普森球员。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
But that does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. It is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森的退步水平,他更可能为整个球队做出牺牲。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson is backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着Thompson的水平落后了,他更可能为整个团队做出牺牲。
But this does not mean that the level of Thompson went backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着Thompson的级别回落了,他更可能为整个团队做出牺牲。
However this does not mean that the level of Thompson steps backward. This is more likely that he made sacrifice for the team as a whole.
但这并不意味着汤普森向后退了,他更可能为整个团队做出牺牲。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker has a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. It is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,不仅因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency came to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich significantly benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应对马刺大有好处。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency went to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率达到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Parker had a better performance than last season. This is not only because his basket efficiency rose to the highest level, his chemical reaction with Aldrich also benefits the Spurs.
帕克的表现比上个赛季要好,这不仅是因为他的篮子效率提高到了最高水平,他和奥尔德里奇的化学反应也有利于马刺。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battle in a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年中的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan quit, Ginobili announced a second battle in a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退出了,基诺比利宣布了一年中的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国跑车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan left, Ginobili announced a second battle in a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯离开后,基诺比利宣布了一年中的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国跑车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battle in a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. Being one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,吉诺比利宣布了一年中的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battle in a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. As one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car has not much left.
邓肯退役后,吉诺比利宣布了一年中的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,作为三人中最小的一个,法国运动车的油箱已经不多了。
Duncan retired, Ginobili announced a second battle in a year and the combination of GDP eventually came to an end. For one of the youngest among three people, the oil tank of French sports car is not much left.
邓肯退役后,基诺比利宣布了一年中的第二次战斗,GDP的组合最终结束了,对于三人中最小的一人来说,法国跑车的油箱已经不多了。
After getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After winning the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在赢得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
After getting the third championship ring, only Gabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有加布巴、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更高的常规MVP,而只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的越野越野越野越野越野越野越野越野越野。
After getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell had more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素的MVP比詹姆斯的MVP更正规,而只有乔丹的FMVP比詹姆斯的多。
Despite getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, while Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
尽管获得了第三个冠军戒指,但只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更高的常规MVP,而只有乔丹获得的FMVP比詹姆斯高。
After getting the third championship ring, only Jabbar, Jordan and Russell won more regular MVP than that of James, as Jordan was the only one who had more FMVP than that of James.
在获得第三个冠军戒指后,只有贾巴尔、乔丹和罗素赢得了比詹姆斯更正规的MVP,因为只有乔丹获得了比詹姆斯更高的FMVP。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Ah, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland for the past 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚拿到了52年来在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
And, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
而且,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first major sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the past 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了过去52年来在克利夫兰的首个主要体育冠军奖杯。
Oh, yes, James has just brought the first professional sports championship trophy in Cleveland in the last 52 years.
哦,是的,詹姆斯刚刚带来了在过去52年中在克利夫兰的第一个职业体育冠军奖杯。
Coming to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入他职业生涯的第14个赛季时,需要更好地保持他的力量,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming into the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入了职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持体力,为季后赛做好准备。
Up to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
在他职业生涯的第14个赛季,詹姆斯需要更好地保持他的力量和准备季后赛。
Close to the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
接近他职业生涯的第14个赛季,詹姆斯需要更好地保持他的力量和准备季后赛。
Coming in the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯进入了职业生涯的第14个赛季,他需要更好地保持体力,为季后赛做好准备。
Coming off the 14th season of his career, James needs to better conserve his strength and get ready for the playoffs.
詹姆斯在职业生涯的第十四个赛季结束了,他需要更好地保持体力,为季后赛做好准备。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline. He will share more with Owen, but he will still easily become one of the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会与欧文分享更多,但他仍然很容易成为联盟前三名球员之一。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline. James will share more with Owen, but he will still easily become one of the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,詹姆斯会与欧文分享更多,但他仍然很容易成为联盟前三名球员之一。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline. He will share more with Owen, yet he will still easily become one of the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会与欧文分享更多,但他仍然很容易成为联盟前三名球员之一。
Therefore, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline. He may share more with Owen, but he will still easily become one of the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他可能会与欧文分享更多,但他仍然很容易成为联盟前三名球员之一。
However, in the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline. He will share more with Owen, but he will still easily become one of the league's top three players.
然而,在常规赛季,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会与欧文分享更多,但他仍然很容易成为联盟前三名球员之一。
Therefore, during the regular season, James's capability is likely to further decline. He will share more with Owen, but he will still easily become one of the league's top three players.
因此,在常规赛期间,詹姆斯的能力可能会进一步下降,他会与欧文分享更多,但是他仍然很容易成为联盟前三名球员之一。
" I must carry forward what I learned in China to apply it to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的中国知识,把它应用到俄国. ”
" I must carry forward what I learned in China and apply it to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的中国知识,把它应用到俄国. ”
" I must carry forward what I learned from China to apply it to Russia ".
“ 我一定要把从中国学到的东西推广到俄罗斯去. ”
" I must carry forward what I learnt in China to apply it to Russia ".
“ 我一定要继续我学到的中国知识,把它应用到俄国. ”
" I must bring forward what I learned in China to apply it to Russia ".
“ 我必须把在中国学到的东西拿出来,应用到俄国. ”
" I must take forward what I learned in China to apply it to Russia ".
“ 我一定要发扬光大在中国学到的东西,把它应用到俄国. ”
Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly on the 12th day of the month of the local time while she was interviewed by a reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会会长黄京在当地时分第12天激动地说,当时她接受中国新闻网记者的采访。
Wang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly on the 12th day of the month of the local time while she was interviewed by a reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会会长王静在接受中国新闻网记者采访时,在本地时间月份第12天激动地说。
Zhang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly on the 12th day of the month of the local time while she was interviewed by a reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会会长张静在当地时分第12天激动地说,她接受中国新闻网记者的采访。
Huang Jing, president of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly on the 12th day of the month of the local time while she was interviewed by a reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会会长黄京在当地时分第12天激动地说,她接受中国新闻网记者的采访。
Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association said excitedly on the 12th day of the month of the local time while he was interviewed by a reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会会长黄京在当地时分第12天激动地说,他接受中国新闻网记者的采访。
Huang Jing, chairman of the Moscow Overseas Chinese Association announced excitedly on the 12th day of the month of the local time while she was interviewed by a reporter of Chinanews. com.
莫斯科海外华人协会会长黄京在接受中国新闻网记者采访时,于当地时间月12日激动地宣布。
Not long ago, she participated in the " Overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy / painting ) training " hosted by China's State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区中国人才 ( 书法 / 绘画 ) ” 培训。
Not long ago, she participated in the " Overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy / painting ) training " organized by China's State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 / 绘画 ) ” 培训。
Not long ago, she participated in the " Overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy / painting ) training " conducted by China's State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院华侨办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华侨人才 ( 书法 / 绘画 ) ” 培训。
Not long ago, she participated in the " Overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy / painting ) training " held by China's State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区华人人才 ( 书法 / 绘画 ) ” 培训。
Not long ago, she participated in the " Overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy / painting ) training " organised by China's State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区中国人才 ( 书法 / 绘画 ) ” 培训。
Not long ago, she participated in the " Overseas Chinese culture community Chinese talent ( calligraphy / painting ) training " sponsored by China's State Council Overseas Chinese Affairs Office and sponsored by Jinan University.
不久前,她参加了由中国国务院海外华人事务办公室主办、济南大学主办的“华侨文化社区中国人才 ( 书法 / 绘画 ) ” 培训。
At the beginning of her participation in the training course, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. But at the end of the course, she could draw and write her own works.
在参加培训班之初,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,但在课程结束时,她可以画出自己的作品。
In the beginning of her participation in the training course, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. But at the end of the course, she could draw and write her own works.
在开始参加训练课程时,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,但在课程结束时,她可以画出自己的作品。
At the beginning of her participation in the training course, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. Then at the end of the course, she could draw and write her own works.
在参加培训班之初,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,在课程结束时,她可以画出自己的作品。
At the start of her participation in the training course, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. But at the end of the course, she could draw and write her own works.
在开始参加培训课程时,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,但在课程结束时,她可以画出自己的作品。
At the beginning of her participation in the training course, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. Only at the end of the course, she could draw and write her own works.
在参加培训班之初,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,只有在课程结束时,她才能画出自己的作品。
At the beginning of her participation in the training course, she did not know where to start in painting and calligraphy. But at the end of her course, she could draw and write her own works.
在参加培训班之初,她不知道从何处开始绘画和书法,但在课程结束时,她可以画出自己的作品。
After returning to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我将运用在中国学到的知识和技能,为中国文化的传承和弘扬做出自己的贡献。
Upon returning to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回到莫斯科后,我会运用在中国学到的知识和技能,为中国文化的传承和弘扬贡献自己的力量。
On returning to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
回国后,我会运用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
Before returning to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
在回到莫斯科之前,我将利用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为中国文化的传承和弘扬做出自己的贡献。
After coming to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
来莫斯科后,我将利用在中国学到的知识和技能,到俄罗斯来,为中国文化的传承和弘扬做出自己的贡献。
After moving to Moscow, I will use the knowledge and skills learned in China to Russia and make my own contribution for the cultural transmission and promotion of the Chinese culture.
迁至莫斯科后,我将利用在中国学到的知识和技能到俄罗斯,为文化传承和中华文化的弘扬做出自己的贡献。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association, also participated in the training course and had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也参加了培训班,并有同样的感觉。
At the same time, Liu Yanwei, Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association, also participated in the training course and had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长刘延伟也参加了培训班,并有同样的感觉。
At the same time, Li Yanwei, Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association, also participated in the training course and had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长李彦伟也参加了培训班,并有同样的感觉。
At the same time, Wang Yanwei, Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association, also participated in the training course and had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长王延伟也参加了培训班,并有同样的感觉。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, Secretary-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association, also participated at the training course and had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会秘书长纳扬伟也参加了培训班,并有同样的感觉。
At the same time, Na Yanwei, Director-General of Russian-Chinese Culture Promotion Association, also participated in the training course and had the same feeling.
同时,俄罗斯-中国文化促进协会总干事纳扬伟也参加了培训班,并有同样的感觉。
She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being an " overseas communicator of Chinese culture ".
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她觉得自己是“中华文化海外交流者”的重任。
She stated that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being an " overseas communicator of Chinese culture ".
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她觉得自己是“中华文化海外交流者”的重任。
She wrote that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes and she felt the heavy responsibility of being an " overseas communicator of Chinese culture ".
她写道,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,她感到自己肩负着“中国文化海外传播者”的重任。
She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes as she felt the heavy responsibility of being an " overseas communicator of Chinese culture ".
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,因为她觉得自己肩负着“中国文化海外传播者”的重任。
She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes but she felt the heavy responsibility of being an " overseas communicator of Chinese culture ".
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,但是她觉得自己是“中华文化海外交流者”的重任。
She said that she made great progress with the help of teachers of the training classes because she felt the heavy responsibility of being an " overseas communicator of Chinese culture ".
她说,在老师的帮助下,她取得了很大进步,因为她觉得自己肩负着“中国文化海外传播者”的重任。
She said, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russian peoples who love Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中华文化的中俄民族中推行传统的中华文化。
She promised, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russian peoples who love Chinese culture.
她承诺,在回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中华文化的中俄民族中推行传统的中华文化。
She said, after she went back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russian peoples who love Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中华文化的中俄民族中推行传统的中华文化。
She said, after she got back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russian peoples who love Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中华文化的中俄民族中推行传统的中华文化。
She believed, after she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russian peoples who love Chinese culture.
她相信,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中华文化的中俄民族中推行传统的中华文化。
She said, when she came back to Russia, she would surely carry out the traditional Chinese culture among the Chinese and the Russian peoples who love Chinese culture.
她说,回到俄罗斯后,她一定会在热爱中华文化的中俄民族中推行传统的中华文化。
At 19 : 35 today, in the first match of the 22nd round of the Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan challenged Beijing Guoan in the visiting field.
19:35,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆李凡在客场挑战了北京国安。
At 20 : 35 today, in the first match of the 22nd round of the Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan challenged Beijing Guoan in the visiting field.
20:35,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆李凡在客场挑战了北京国安。
At 18 : 35 today, in the first match of the 22nd round of the Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan challenged Beijing Guoan in the visiting field.
18:35,在22轮中国足球协会超级联赛中,重庆李凡在客场挑战了北京国安。
At 17 : 35 today, in the first match of the 22nd round of the Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan challenged Beijing Guoan in the visiting field.
今天17:35,在中国足球协会第22轮联赛中,重庆李凡在客场挑战了北京国安。
At 16 : 35 today, in the first match of the 22nd round of the Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan challenged Beijing Guoan in the visiting field.
16:35的今天,在中国足球协会第22轮联赛中,重庆李凡在客场挑战了北京国安。
At 15 : 35 today, in the first match of the 22nd round of the Chinese Football Association Super League, Chongqing Lifan challenged Beijing Guoan in the visiting field.
今天15点35分,在中国足球协会第22轮超级联赛中,重庆李凡在客场挑战了北京国安。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong scored a goal with a penalty kick. At the 39th minute, with assistance of Fernando, Kardec won his first score in the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan revenged with a goal.
第29分钟,王东以点球进球,第39分钟,卡尔德在费尔南多的帮助下,在中国足球协会超级联赛中获得了第一名,第81分钟,郭安以一个进球复仇。
At the 28th minute, Wang Dong scored a goal with a penalty kick. At the 39th minute, with assistance of Fernando, Kardec won his first score in the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan revenged with a goal.
第28分钟,王东以点球进球,第39分钟,卡尔德在费尔南多的帮助下,在中国足球协会超级联赛中获得了第一名,第81分钟,郭安以一个进球复仇。
In the 29th minute, Wang Dong scored a goal with a penalty kick. At the 39th minute, with assistance of Fernando, Kardec won his first score in the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan revenged with a goal.
第29分钟,王东以点球进球,第39分钟,卡尔德在费尔南多的帮助下,在中国足球协会超级联赛中获得了第一名,第81分钟,郭安以一个进球复仇。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong scored a goal with a penalty kick. At the 40th minute, with assistance of Fernando, Kardec won his first score in the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 81st minute, Guoan revenged with a goal.
第29分钟,王东以点球进球,第40分钟,卡尔德在费尔南多的帮助下,在中国足球协会超级联赛中获得第一名,第81分钟,郭安以一个进球复仇。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong scored a goal with a penalty kick. At the 39th minute, with assistance of Fernando, Kardec won his first score in the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 71st minute, Guoan revenged with a goal.
第29分钟,王东以点球进球,第39分钟,卡尔德在费尔南多的帮助下,在中国足球协会超级联赛中获得了第一名,第71分钟,郭安以一个进球复仇。
At the 29th minute, Wang Dong scored a goal with a penalty kick. At the 39th minute, with assistance of Fernando, Kardec won his first score in the Chinese Football Association Super League. At the 51st minute, Guoan revenged with a goal.
第29分钟,王东以点球进球,第39分钟,卡尔德在费尔南多的帮助下,在中国足球协会超级联赛中获得了第一名,第51分钟,郭安以一个进球复仇。
After the match entered the 10th minute, Lifan made continued hit and gained corners. Fernando tried a small-angle volley, but was fended off the base line by Guoan.
比赛进入第10分钟后,李凡继续击球并赢得角,费尔南多试了一次小角射门,但被郭安击退了。
When the match entered the 10th minute, Lifan made continued hit and gained corners. Fernando tried a small-angle volley, but was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进入第10分钟时,李凡继续击球并赢得角,费尔南多试了一次小角射门,但被郭安击退了基线。
As the match entered the 10th minute, Lifan made continued hit and gained corners. Fernando tried a small-angle volley, but was fended off the base line by Guoan.
当比赛进入第10分钟时,李凡继续击球并赢得角,费尔南多试了一次小角射门,但被郭安击退了基线。
After the match entered the 10th minute, Lifan made continued hit and gained corners. Fernando tried a low-angle volley, but was fended off the base line by Guoan.
比赛进入第10分钟后,李凡继续击球并赢得角,费尔南多试打低角截击,但被郭安击退了基线。
After the match entered the 10th minute, Lifan made continued hit and gained corners. Fernando tried a wide-angle volley, but was fended off the base line by Guoan.
比赛进入第10分钟后,李凡继续击球,并攻入球道,费尔南多试了一场广角截击,但被郭安击退了基线。
After the match entered the 10th minute, Lifan made continued hit and gained corners. Fernando tried a high-angle volley, but was fended off the base line by Guoan.
比赛进入第10分钟后,李凡继续击球并赢得角,费尔南多试了一场高射门,但被郭安击退了。
At the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flipped through along a straight line of the midfield. Yilmaz had broken into the penalty area directly and the only defender, Liu Yu, took the lead in kicking the ball away.
第15分钟,张西哲沿着中场的直线冲了过去,耶尔马斯直接冲进了罚球区,唯一的后卫刘瑜带头踢球。
In the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flipped through along a straight line of the midfield. Yilmaz had broken into the penalty area directly and the only defender, Liu Yu, took the lead in kicking the ball away.
第15分钟,张西哲沿着中场的一条直线转了过去,耶尔马兹直接冲进罚球区,唯一的后卫刘瑜带头踢球。
At the 37th minute, Zhang Xizhe flipped through along a straight line of the midfield. Yilmaz had broken into the penalty area directly and the only defender, Liu Yu, took the lead in kicking the ball away.
在第37分钟,张西哲沿着中场的直线转了过去,耶尔玛斯直接冲进罚球区,唯一的后卫刘瑜带头踢球。
At the 60th minute, Zhang Xizhe flipped through along a straight line of the midfield. Yilmaz had broken into the penalty area directly and the only defender, Liu Yu, took the lead in kicking the ball away.
第60分钟,张西哲沿着中场的直线转了过去,耶尔马兹直接冲进罚球区,唯一的后卫刘瑜带头踢球。
At the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe ran through along a straight line of the midfield. Yilmaz had broken into the penalty area directly and the only defender, Liu Yu, took the lead in kicking the ball away.
第15分钟,张西哲沿着中场的一条直线冲了过去,耶尔马兹直接冲进了罚球区,唯一的后卫刘瑜带头把球踢开。
At the 15th minute, Zhang Xizhe flipped through along a straight line of the midfield. Yilmaz had broken into the penalty area directly and the only defender, Wang Yu, took the lead in kicking the ball away.
第15分钟,张西哲沿着中场的直线冲了过去,耶尔马兹直接冲进罚球区,唯一一名后卫王雨率先将球踢开。
One minute later, Piao Cheng made a cross pass on the left wing and Yu Dabao failed in a mid-way sweeping shot attempt in the penalty area. Deng Xiaofei, the Lifan goalkeeper, confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,姚成在左翼传球,余大宝在罚球区中途射门失败,李凡门将邓小飞夺取了球门。
One minute later, Piao Cheng made a cross pass on the right wing and Yu Dabao failed in a mid-way sweeping shot attempt in the penalty area. Deng Xiaofei, the Lifan goalkeeper, confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,姚成在右翼传球,余大宝在罚球区中途射门失败,李凡门将邓小飞夺取了球门。
One minute later, Piao Cheng made a cross pass on the left wing and Yu Dabao failed in a mid-way sweeping shot attempt in the penalty area. Meng Xiaofei, the Lifan goalkeeper, confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,姚成在左翼传球,余大宝在罚球区中途射门失败,李凡门将孟晓飞夺取了球门。
One minute later, Piao Cheng made a cross pass on the left wing and Yu Dabao failed in a mid-way sweeping shot attempt in the penalty area. Ding Xiaofei, the Lifan goalkeeper, confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,姚成在左翼传球,余大宝在罚球区中途射门失败,李凡门将丁小飞夺取了球门。
A minute later, Piao Cheng made a cross pass on the left wing and Yu Dabao failed in a mid-way sweeping shot attempt in the penalty area. Deng Xiaofei, the Lifan goalkeeper, confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,姚成在左翼传球,余大宝在罚球区中途射门失败,利凡门将邓小飞夺下球门。
One minute later, Piao Cheng made a cross pass on the left wing and Gao Dabao failed in a mid-way sweeping shot attempt in the penalty area. Deng Xiaofei, the Lifan goalkeeper, confiscated the goal.
一分钟后,姚成在左翼传球,高大宝在罚球区中途射门失败,利凡门将邓小飞夺下球门。
Fernando suddenly flipped pass the ball in front of the goal after a retreat in a one-to-two confrontation on his right wing. Kardec was put down by a swoop of Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧一对二对一的对决中将球击倒在球门前。卡德克被雷腾隆猛击击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾隆。
Fernando suddenly flipped pass the ball in front of the goal after a retreat in a one-to-two confrontation on his left wing. Kardec was put down by a swoop of Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在左翼一对二对一的对决中将球击倒在球门前。卡德克被雷腾隆猛击击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾隆。
Fernando suddenly flipped pass the ball in front of the goal in a retreat in a one-to-two confrontation on his right wing. Kardec was put down by a swoop of Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧一对二对一的对决中,在球门前突然转过身来,卡德克被雷登龙猛击击倒,裁判判罚罚球,并出示一张黄牌给雷登龙。
Fernando suddenly flipped pass the ball in front of the goal with a retreat in a one-to-two confrontation on his right wing. Kardec was put down by a swoop of Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧一对二对一的对决中,突然转过球,在球门前后退,雷登隆猛击将卡德克击倒,裁判判罚他一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷登隆。
Fernando suddenly flipped pass the ball in front of the goal for a retreat in a one-to-two confrontation on his right wing. Kardec was put down by a swoop of Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右翼一对二对一的对决中,突然把球转过球门前,卡德克被雷腾隆猛击击倒,裁判判罚一球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾隆。
Fernando suddenly flipped pass the ball in front of the goal after a retreat in a one-to-two confrontation on his right wing. Kardec was put down by a scoop of Lei Tenglong. The referee sentenced a spot kick and showed a yellow card to Lei Tenglong.
费尔南多在右侧一对二对一的对决中将球击倒在球门前。卡德克被雷腾龙的一铲球击倒,裁判判罚罚球,并出示一张黄牌给雷腾龙。
Guoan changed a player at the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to his previous team.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一名球员,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明上台,把他的枪对准了前一球队。
Guoan changed a player in the 37th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to his previous team.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一名球员,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明上台,把他的枪对准了前一球队。
Guoan changed a player at the 37th minute. Wang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to his previous team.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一名球员,王晓斌离开了球场,张志明上台,把他的枪对准了上一个球队。
Guoan changed a player at the 37th minute. Gao Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to his previous team.
在第37分钟,郭小斌换了一名球员,高晓斌离开了球场,张志明上台,把他的枪对准了前一个球队。
Guoan changed a player at the 60th minute. Zhang Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to his previous team.
在第60分钟,郭安换了一名球员,张晓斌离开了球场,张志明走上舞台,把他的枪对准了前一队。
Guoan changed a player at the 37th minute. Liu Xiaobin left the playing field and Zhang Chiming came on the stage and turned his weapon around to his previous team.
在第37分钟,郭安换了一名球员,刘晓斌离开了球场,张志明上台,把他的枪对准了前一个球队。
Kardec broke loose in front of the penalty area, Fernando achieved a low and flat center pass on the left side, and Kardec scored a goal by taking advantage of the opportunity for push shot.
卡尔德在罚球区前突破,费尔南多左侧的中球射门平低,而卡尔德克则利用击球的机会进球。
Kardec broke loose in front of the penalty area, Fernando achieved a low and flat center pass on the right side, and Kardec scored a goal by taking advantage of the opportunity for push shot.
卡尔德克在罚球区前突破,费尔南多右侧的中球射门平低,卡德克则利用了击球的机会入球。
Kardec broke loose in front of the penalty area, Fernando achieved a deep and flat center pass on the left side, and Kardec scored a goal by taking advantage of the opportunity for push shot.
卡尔德克在罚球区前挣脱,费尔南多左侧的中场射门很深很平,而卡尔德克则利用了击球的机会进了球门。
Kardec broke loose in front of the penalty area, Fernando achieved a long and flat center pass on the left side, and Kardec scored a goal by taking advantage of the opportunity for push shot.
卡尔德在罚球区前突破,费尔南多左侧的中锋传球很远很平,卡德克则利用机会打进球门。
Kardec broke loose in front of the penalty area, Fernando achieved a short and flat center pass on the left side, and Kardec scored a goal by taking advantage of the opportunity for push shot.
卡尔德克在罚球区前突破,费尔南多在左侧获得一个短而平的中球传球,而卡尔德克则利用了击球的机会入球。
Kardec broke loose in front of the penalty area, Fernando achieved a wide and flat center pass on the left side, and Kardec scored a goal by taking advantage of the opportunity for push shot.
卡尔德在罚球区前突破,费尔南多左侧的中场射门很宽很平,卡尔德克则利用了击球的机会进球。
This was also the first time for Kardec to score in the games of the Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads by 2 : 0.
这也是卡德第一次在中国足球协会超级联赛中得分,李凡以2:0领先。
It was also the first time for Kardec to score in the games of the Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads by 2 : 0.
这也是卡德第一次在中国足球协会超级联赛中得分,李凡以2:0领先。
This is also the first time for Kardec to score in the games of the Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads by 2 : 0.
这也是卡德第一次在中国足球协会超级联赛中得分,李凡以2:0领先。
This was also the first time for Kardec to score in the games of the Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads by 3 : 0.
这也是卡德第一次在中国足球协会超级联赛中得分,李凡以3:0领先.
This was also the first time for Kardec to score in the games of the Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads by 1 : 0.
这也是卡德第一次在中国足球协会超级联赛中得分,李凡以1:0领先。
This was also the first time for Kardec to score in the games of the Chinese Football Association Super League. Lifan leads by 4 : 0.
这也是卡德第一次在中国足球协会超级联赛中得分,李凡以4:0领先。
Just at the beginning of the next half, Fernando won a free kick on the right side with an abrupt breakthrough. It was a pity that he kicked the ball too high in small angle and missed the goal.
下半场刚开始,费尔南多在右侧任意踢球,突然突破,可惜他把球踢得太高,没有射中球门。
Then at the beginning of the next half, Fernando won a free kick on the right side with an abrupt breakthrough. It was a pity that he kicked the ball too high in small angle and missed the goal.
接着,在下半场的开始,费尔南多以一个突如其来的突破赢得了右侧的任意一球,可惜他把球踢得太高,没有射中球门。
Just at the beginning of the next half, Fernando won a free kick on the left side with an abrupt breakthrough. It was a pity that he kicked the ball too high in small angle and missed the goal.
下半场刚开始,费尔南多在左侧任意踢球,突如其来的突破,可惜他把球踢得太高,没有射中球门。
Just at the start of the next half, Fernando won a free kick on the right side with an abrupt breakthrough. It was a pity that he kicked the ball too high in small angle and missed the goal.
下半场刚开始,费尔南多在右侧任意踢球,突然突破,可惜他把球踢得太高,没有射中球门。
Just before the beginning of the next half, Fernando won a free kick on the right side with an abrupt breakthrough. It was a pity that he kicked the ball too high in small angle and missed the goal.
在下半场的开始之前,费尔南多在右侧任意踢球,突然突破,可惜他踢得太高,没有射中球门。
But at the beginning of the next half, Fernando won a free kick on the right side with an abrupt breakthrough. It was a pity that he kicked the ball too high in small angle and missed the goal.
但是在下半场开始的时候,费尔南多在右侧任意踢球,突然突破,可惜他踢得太高,没有射中球门。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card for delaying, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞收到一张黄卡拖延后,被替代的彭新立也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规。
After Zeng Xiaofei received a yellow card for delaying, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
曾小飞收到一张黄卡拖延后,被替代的彭新立也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规。
After Peng Xiaofei received a yellow card for delaying, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
彭小飞收到一张黄卡拖延后,被替代的彭新立也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规。
After Ding Xiaofei received a yellow card for delaying, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
丁晓飞收到一张黄卡拖延后,被替代的彭新立也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规。
After Deng Xiaofei got a yellow card for delaying, Peng Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
在邓小飞拿到一张黄卡拖延后,被替代的彭新立还拿到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规了。
After Deng Xiaofei received a yellow card for delaying, Ding Xinli who is alternative also received a yellow card because he fouled in front of the penalty area.
邓小飞收到一张黄卡拖延后,丁新立的替补人也收到一张黄卡,因为他在罚区前面犯规。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked with Zhang Xizhe to pass the ball. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei in the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明左击打打,与张思哲一起传球,邓小飞在曲球场上击退了他。
In the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked with Zhang Xizhe to pass the ball. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei in the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明在左手打球,与张思哲一起传球,邓小飞在曲球中击退了他。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked with Zhang Xizhe to pass the ball. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei on the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明左击打打,与张思哲一起传球,邓小飞把他的曲球击退了。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked with Zhang Xizhe to pass the ball. He was fended off by Peng Xiaofei in the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明左击打,与张思哲一起传球,被彭小飞在曲球中击退。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked with Zhang Xizhe to pass the ball. He was fended off by Deng Xiaofei from the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明左击打,与张思哲一起传球,邓小飞把他从曲球中击退。
At the 56th minute, Zhang Chiming hit in his left dribble and worked with Zhang Xizhe to pass the ball. He was fended off by Zeng Xiaofei in the curling shot.
第56分钟,张志明左击打,与张思哲一起传球,在曲球中被曾小飞击退。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Krimets. He and the hyper Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘雨用力抓住并闯入了克里米特,他和王东拿到了黄牌。
Li Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Krimets. He and the hyper Wang Dong got the yellow card.
李雨用力抓住并侵入了克里米特,他和王东拿到了黄牌。
Wang Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Krimets. He and the hyper Wang Dong got the yellow card.
王雨用力抓住并闯入了克里米特,他和王东高手拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Krimets. He and the hyper Wang Dong earned the yellow card.
刘雨用力抓住并闯入了克里米特,他和王东高手赢得了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Krimets. He and the hyper Wang Dong received the yellow card.
刘雨用力抓住并闯进了克里米特,他和王东拿到了黄牌。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Krimets. He and a hyper Wang Dong got the yellow card.
刘雨用力抓住并闯入了克里米特,他和王东一起拿到了黄牌。
At the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Krimets when he conducted a long-range strike on the right wing. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Krimets. Krimets got a yellow card.
第63分钟,费尔南多被克里米茨击倒,他在右翼进行远程打击,费尔南多对克里米茨的举动非常不满,克里米兹拿到一张黄牌。
In the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Krimets when he conducted a long-range strike on the right wing. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Krimets. Krimets got a yellow card.
第63分钟,费尔南多被克里米兹击倒,他对右翼发动了远程打击,费尔南多对克里米兹的举动非常不满,克里米兹拿到一张黄牌。
At the 73rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Krimets when he conducted a long-range strike on the right wing. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Krimets. Krimets got a yellow card.
第73分钟,费尔南多被克里米兹击倒,他对右翼发动了远程打击,费尔南多对克里米兹的举动非常不满,克里米兹拿到一张黄牌。
At the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Krimets when he conducted a long-range strike on the left wing. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Krimets. Krimets got a yellow card.
第63分钟,费尔南多在左翼进行远程打击时被克里米特斯击倒,费尔南多对克里米特斯的举动非常不满,克里米特斯拿到一张黄牌。
At the 53rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Krimets when he conducted a long-range strike on the right wing. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Krimets. Krimets got a yellow card.
第53分钟,费尔南多被克里米茨击倒,他在右翼进行远程打击,费尔南多对克里米茨的举动非常不满,克里米兹拿到一张黄牌。
At the 63rd minute, Fernando was knocked down by Krimets after he conducted a long-range strike on the right wing. Fernando was quite dissatisfied with the move of Krimets. Krimets got a yellow card.
第63分钟,费尔南多在对右翼发动了远程打击,被克里米特击倒。费尔南多对克里米特的举动非常不满,克里米特拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability on the right again. His pursuer Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多再次向右侧展示他的远程攻击能力,追击者于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
A minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability on the right again. His pursuer Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多再次向右侧展示他的远程攻击能力,追击者于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability on the right again. The pursuer Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多再次向右侧展示他的远程攻击能力,追击者余大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability from the right again. His pursuer Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多再次向右方展示了远程攻击能力,追击者于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-distance raid capability on the right again. His pursuer Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多再次向右方展示了远距离进攻的能力,追击者余大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
One minute later, Fernando showed his long-range raid capability down the right again. His pursuer Yu Dabao fouled and also got a yellow card.
一分钟后,费尔南多再次向右显示他的远程攻击能力,追击者于大保犯规,还拿到一张黄牌。
Yilmaz made a forceful breakthrough on the penalty area line, but tumbled when Zheng Yourong stretched a leg to stop him, which led the referee to determine a penalty. Yilmaz kicked a successful penalty goal, as a result the score board was : Lifan 2 : 1 Beijing Guoan.
维尔马兹在罚区线上取得了有力的突破,但当郑勇伸腿阻止他时,他摔倒了,导致裁判决定判罚,于是耶马兹踢出了一个成功的罚球门,结果得分牌是:李凡2:1北京郭安。
Yilmaz made a forceful breakthrough on the penalty area line, but tumbled when Wang Yourong stretched a leg to stop him, which led the referee to determine a penalty. Yilmaz kicked a successful penalty goal, as a result the score board was : Lifan 2 : 1 Beijing Guoan.
以尔马斯在罚球区线上取得了有力的突破,但当王友龙伸腿阻止他时,他摔倒了,这导致裁判决定判罚,以尔马斯踢出了一个成功的罚球进球,结果计分板是:李凡2:1北京郭安。
Yilmaz made a forceful breakthrough on the penalty area line, but tumbled when Zheng Yourong stretched a leg to stop him, which led the referee to determine a penalty. Yilmaz kicked a successful penalty goal, as a result the score board was : Lifan 3 : 1 Beijing Guoan.
维尔马兹在罚区线上取得了有力的突破,但当郑勇伸腿阻止他时,他摔倒了,导致裁判决定判罚,于是耶马兹踢出了一个成功的罚球门,结果得分牌是:李凡3:1北京郭安。
Yilmaz made a forceful breakthrough on the penalty area line, but tumbled when Zhang Yourong stretched a leg to stop him, which led the referee to determine a penalty. Yilmaz kicked a successful penalty goal, as a result the score board was : Lifan 2 : 1 Beijing Guoan.
以尔马斯在罚区线上取得了有力的突破,但当张友龙伸长一条腿阻止他时,他倒下,导致裁判决定判罚,以尔马斯踢出了一个成功的罚球进球,结果得分牌是:李凡2:1北京郭安。
Yilmaz made a forceful breakthrough on the penalty area line, but tumbled when Zheng Yourong stretched a leg to stop him, which led the referee to determine a penalty. Yilmaz kicked a successful penalty goal, as a result the score board was : Lifan 4 : 1 Beijing Guoan.
维尔马兹在罚区线上取得了有力的突破,但当郑勇伸腿阻止他时,他摔倒了,导致裁判决定判罚,于是耶马兹踢出了一个成功的罚球门,结果得分牌是:李凡4:1北京郭安。
Yilmaz made a forceful breakthrough on the penalty area line, but tumbled when Gao Yourong stretched a leg to stop him, which led the referee to determine a penalty. Yilmaz kicked a successful penalty goal, as a result the score board was : Lifan 2 : 1 Beijing Guoan.
以尔马兹在罚区线上取得了有力的突破,但高伸出一条腿来阻止他,致使裁判决定判罚,以尔马兹罚球成功,结果得分牌是:李凡2:1北京郭安。
At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent in a cross from the right. Sergeyev looped the ball after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with a wonderful diving save.
第86分钟,周婷从右边传来一个十字架,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射门后,把球绕了圈,邓小飞把球射了出来,并带着一个绝妙的跳水。
At the 85th minute, Zhou Ting sent in a cross from the right. Sergeyev looped the ball after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with a wonderful diving save.
第85分钟,周婷从右侧传来一个十字架,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射门后,把球绕了圈,邓小飞把球射了出来,并带着一个绝妙的跳水。
In the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent in a cross from the right. Sergeyev looped the ball after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area. Deng Xiaofei sent the ball out with a wonderful diving save.
第86分钟,周婷从右侧传来一个十字架,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射门后,把球绕了圈,邓小飞把球射了出来,并带着一个绝妙的跳水。
At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent in a cross from the right. Sergeyev looped the ball after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area. Peng Xiaofei sent the ball out with a wonderful diving save.
第86分钟,周婷从右侧传来一个十字架,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射门后,把球绕了圈,彭小飞把球射了出来,并准备了一次精彩的跳水。
At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent in a cross from the right. Sergeyev looped the ball after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area. Zeng Xiaofei sent the ball out with a wonderful diving save.
第86分钟,周婷从右侧传来一个十字架,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射门后,把球圈了起来。
At the 86th minute, Zhou Ting sent in a cross from the right. Sergeyev looped the ball after chesting at the mid-way of the penalty area. Geng Xiaofei sent the ball out with a wonderful diving save.
第86分钟,周婷从右侧传来一个十字架,谢尔盖耶夫在罚球区中途射门后,把球绕了圈,成小飞把球射了出来,并准备了一次精彩的跳水。
After the 4-minute allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score until the end of the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
在4分钟的零用钱之后,李凡在决赛结束前保持2比1分,并在客场击败了郭安。
After the 4-minute allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score until the end of the final and defeated Guoan at the visiting field.
在4分钟的零用钱之后,李凡在决赛结束前保持2比1分,并在客场击败了郭安。
At the 4-minute allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score until the end of the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
以4分钟的零用钱,李凡在决赛结束前保持了2-1分,并在客场击败了郭安。
In the 4-minute allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score until the end of the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
在4分钟的零用钱中,李凡在决赛结束前保持了2-1分,并在客场击败了郭安。
After the 4-minute allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score until the end of the final and defeated Guoan on the visiting field.
在4分钟的零用钱之后,李凡在决赛结束前保持2比1的成绩,在客场上击败了郭安。
After the 10-minute allowance, Lifan kept the 2-1 score until the end of the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field.
在10分钟的积分之后,李凡在决赛结束前保持了2比1的成绩,并在客场击败了郭安。
After scoring the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking 10th on the scoreboard.
在得分3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
After earning the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking 10th on the scoreboard.
获得3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
After collecting the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking 10th on the scoreboard.
在收集了有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排在第10位。
After winning the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking 10th on the scoreboard.
在赢得有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
After receiving the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking 10th on the scoreboard.
获得3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
After gaining the valuable 3 points, Lifan obtained a total of 27 scores, temporarily ranking 10th on the scoreboard.
获得有价值的3分后,李凡共得27分,在计分板上暂时排名第十。
Lyman will become an expert for the German Bundesliga Asia media partner and attend many local fan activities.
莱曼将成为德国Bundrega亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并参与许多当地粉丝活动。
Hyman will become an expert for the German Bundesliga Asia media partner and attend many local fan activities.
海曼将成为德国Bundrega亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并参与许多当地粉丝活动。
Ryman will become an expert for the German Bundesliga Asia media partner and attend many local fan activities.
雷曼将成为德国Bundrega亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并参与许多当地粉丝活动。
Wyman will become an expert for the German Bundesliga Asia media partner and attend many local fan activities.
维曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并参加许多当地的粉丝活动。
Nyman will become an expert for the German Bundesliga Asia media partner and attend many local fan activities.
尼曼将成为德国Bundesliga亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并参加许多当地的粉丝活动。
LG will become an expert for the German Bundesliga Asia media partner and attend many local fan activities.
LG将成为德国Bundrega亚洲媒体合作伙伴的专家,并参与许多当地粉丝活动。
According to reports, the Bundesliga ambassadors Lyman and Matthaeus will continue the legendary tour around Asia and America to start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,联邦拉加大使莱曼和马托厄斯将继续传奇般的亚洲和美洲之旅,为2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式开始前哨活动。
According to reports, the Bundesliga ambassadors Lyman and Matthau will continue the legendary tour around Asia and America to start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,联邦拉加大使莱曼和马特豪将在2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式上继续传奇般的亚洲和美洲之旅。
According to reports, the Bundesliga ambassadors Lyman and Matthaeus will continue the legendary tour around Asia and America to start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 2nd Bundesliga season.
据报道,联邦拉加大使莱曼和马托厄斯将继续传奇般的亚洲和美洲之旅,以开始2016/17年联邦拉加第二季开幕式的开幕式。
According to reports, the Bundesliga ambassadors Weyman and Matthaeus will continue the legendary tour around Asia and America to start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,联邦拉加大使魏曼和马托厄斯将继续传奇般的亚洲和美洲之旅,在2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式上开始前哨活动。
According to reports, the Bundesliga ambassadors Lyman and Matthaeus will continue the legendary tour through Asia and America to start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,联邦拉加大使莱曼和马托厄斯将继续传奇般的亚洲美洲之旅,为2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式开始前哨活动。
According to reports, the Bundesliga ambassadors Nyman and Matthaeus will continue the legendary tour around Asia and America to start outpost for the opening ceremony of the 2016 / 17 German Bundesliga season.
据报道,联邦拉加大使尼曼和马托厄斯将继续传奇般的亚洲和美洲之旅,在2016/17德国联邦拉加赛季开幕式上开始前哨活动。
The event will cover two continents and four top cities, where they will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
该活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个顶级城市,他们将在那里为新赛季的预热与球迷一起工作。
The event will cover three continents and four top cities, where they will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
该活动将涵盖三大洲和四个顶级城市,他们将在那里为新赛季的预热与球迷一起工作。
This event will cover two continents and four top cities, where they will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这项活动将覆盖两个大陆和四个顶级城市,他们将在那里为新赛季的预热与球迷一起工作。
The event will cover five continents and four top cities, where they will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
这次活动将覆盖五大洲和四个顶级城市,他们将在那里与球迷一起为新赛季的预热工作。
The event will cover four continents and four top cities, where they will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
该活动将覆盖四大洲和四大城市,他们将在那里为新赛季的预热与球迷一起工作。
The tour will cover two continents and four top cities, where they will work for the preheating of the new season with fans.
此次巡演将覆盖两大洲和四个顶级城市,他们将在那里与球迷一起为新赛季的预热工作。
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga and Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany sports circles.
德国联邦列加是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛和列加联赛 ),也是德国体育界的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is known as one of the six major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga and Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany sports circles.
德国联邦列加是欧洲六大联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛和列加联赛 ),也是德国体育界的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga and Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany sporting circles.
德国联邦列加是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛和列加联赛 ),也是德国体育界的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga and Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany sport circles.
德国联邦列加是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛和列加联赛 ),也是德国体育界的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five main European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga and Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany sports circles.
德国联邦列加是五大欧洲足球联盟之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛和列加联赛 ),也是德国体育界的旗舰赛事.
German Bundesliga is known as one of the five major European leagues ( FA Premier League, La Liga, Serie A, German Bundesliga and Ligue 1 ) and is the flagship event in the Germany football circles.
德国联邦列加是五大欧洲联赛之一 ( 英超联赛 、 拉利加联赛 、 意甲联赛 、 德国联邦列加联赛和列加联赛 ),也是德国足球界的旗舰赛事.
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga drew about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in the 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1330万名观众来到体育场。
Being one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga drew about 13. 3 million spectators to come to the stadium just in the 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约1330万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga drew about 13. 2 million spectators to come to the stadium just in the 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约132万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga drew about 13. 4 million spectators to come to the stadium just in the 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约134万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga drew about 13. 6 million spectators to come to the stadium just in the 2014-2015 season.
作为世界上最强大的联盟之一,联邦列加在2014-2015赛季吸引了约136万名观众来到体育场。
As one of the world's most powerful league, the Bundesliga drew about 13. 7 million spectators to come to the stadium just in the 2014-2015 season.
作为全球最强大的联盟之一,联邦联盟吸引了约137万观众在2014-2015年赛季来到体育场。
The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous stars Thomas Muller, Lahm and Goetze have become a household name in China.
联邦 联盟 、 拜仁 慕尼黑 、 多特蒙德 和 著名 明星 托马斯·穆勒 、 拉姆 姆 和 戈泽 的 代表 已 成为 中国 的 一 个 家庭 名称 。
The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous stars Thomas Muller, Lahm and Goetz have become a household name in China.
联邦 联盟 、 拜仁 慕尼黑 、 多特蒙德 和 著名 明星 托马斯·穆勒 、 劳姆 和 戈兹 的 代表 已 成为 中国 的 一 个 家庭 名称 。
The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous stars Thomas Muller, Lahm and Goetze has become a household name in China.
联邦 联盟 、 拜仁 慕尼黑 、 多特蒙德 和 著名 明星 托马斯·穆勒 、 拉姆 姆 和 戈泽 的 代表 已 成为 中国 的 一 个 家庭 名称 。
The players of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous stars Thomas Muller, Lahm and Goetze have become a household name in China.
班德莱加、拜仁、慕尼黑、多特蒙德的球员和著名的明星托马斯·马勒、拉姆和戈泽的球员已成为中国的家喻户晓。
The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous stars Thomas Muller, Rahm and Goetze have become a household name in China.
联邦 联盟 、 拜仁 慕尼黑 、 多特蒙德 和 著名 明星 托马斯·穆勒 、 拉赫姆 和 戈泽 的 代表 已 成为 中国 的 家庭 名称 。
The representatives of Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, Dortmund and the famous stars Thomas Muller, Rehm and Goetze have become a household name in China.
联邦 联盟 、 拜仁 慕尼黑 、 多特蒙德 和 著名 明星 托马斯·穆勒 、 雷 姆 和 戈泽 的 代表 已 成为 中国 的 一 个 家庭 名称 。
With the Bundesliga microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platforms which had gone live prior to that, the Bundesliga hopes to provide the Chinese fans with more extensive, timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着此前已上市的德国微博、优酷和卫乍得中国平台,德国希望为中国球迷提供更为广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the Bundesliga microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platforms that had gone live prior to that, the Bundesliga hopes to provide the Chinese fans with more extensive, timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
借助Bundesliga微博、Youku和WeChat中国的平台,Bundesliga希望为中国球迷提供更为广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the Bundesliga microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platforms which had gone live prior to that, the Bundesliga hopes to provide the Chinese fans with more extensive, timely and reliable channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着此前已上市的德国微博、优酷和卫乍得中国平台,德国希望为中国球迷提供更为广泛、及时和可靠的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the Bundesliga microblogging, Haiku and WeChat Chinese platforms which had gone live prior to that, the Bundesliga hopes to provide the Chinese fans with more extensive, timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
借助Bundrega微博、Haiku和WeChat中国平台,Bundrega希望为中国球迷提供更为广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
With the Bundesliga microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platforms which had gone live prior to that, the Bundesliga hopes to provide the Chinese fans with more extensive, timely and accessible channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
随着此前已上市的德国微博、优酷和卫查中国平台,德国希望为中国球迷提供更为广泛、及时和无障碍的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
Unlike the Bundesliga microblogging, Youku and WeChat Chinese platforms which had gone live prior to that, the Bundesliga hopes to provide the Chinese fans with more extensive, timely and convenient channels to obtain the latest news of the league.
与此前已上演的Bundrega微博、Youku和WeChat中国平台不同,Bundrega希望为中国球迷提供更为广泛、及时和方便的渠道,以获得该联盟的最新消息。
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
英国在斐济大师们看到七人榄球队拿起金牌后,于是选择了七人榄球队的银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens as Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
当斐济大师们看到七人榄球队拿起金牌时,英国人开始在橄榄球赛中寻找银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them win gold
在斐济大师班看到七人队赢得金牌后,英国在橄榄球七人队中选择了银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them claim gold
英国在斐济大师们看到七人榄球队夺得金牌后,于是决定以七人榄球队夺得银牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens but Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
英国在橄榄球7号上选择了银牌,但是斐济大师们看到它们拿的是金牌
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens while Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
英国在橄榄球7号上选择银牌,而斐济主教练则看到他们拿了金牌
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛中击败了英国令人印象深刻的决赛,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,他们被全面击败43比7。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 in the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在力拓的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were soundly beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,他们被击败43比7,这令英国在7号橄榄球赛中令人印象深刻的成绩骤然停顿。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively defeated 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛中以43比7在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场被全面击败,令英国在7号橄榄球赛中令人印象深刻的成绩骤然停顿。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a grinding halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛中击败了英国令人印象深刻的决赛,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,他们被全面击败43比7。
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a sudden halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
周四晚上,斐济队在7号橄榄球赛决赛决赛时突然停止了英国令人印象深刻的决赛,在里约热内卢的德奥多罗体育场,他们被全面击败43比7。
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
斐济 给 了 一 个 处理 、 卸载 、 侧身 踩踏 、 支持 、 跑步 和 野蛮 力量 的 大师 班, 以 赢得 他们 的 第一块 任何 颜色 的 奥运会 奖牌 。
Fiji underwent a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
为了夺得金牌,斐济在装卸、侧身移动、支持赛、跑线和粗野的实力上取得了优异的成绩,这是斐济首次获得任何颜色的奥运奖牌。
Fiji performed a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
斐济 的 比赛 成绩 很高, 包括 处理 、 卸载 、 侧身 踩踏 、 支持 比赛 、 跑步 和 强力 赢得 金牌 - - 他们 的 第一个 任何 颜色 的 奥运会 奖牌 。
Fiji completed a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
斐济 完成 了 一 个 处理 、 卸载 、 侧身 踩踏 、 支持 比赛 、 跑步 和 野蛮 力量 的 优等 班级, 以 赢得 他们 的 第一块 任何 颜色 的 奥运会 奖牌 。
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, back-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-their first Olympic medal of any colour.
斐济 给 了 一 个 处理 、 卸载 、 后退 、 支持 比赛 、 跑步 和 野蛮 力量 的 大师 班, 以 赢得 他们 的 第一块 任何 颜色 的 奥运会 奖牌 。
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold-its first Olympic medal of any colour.
斐济授予了驾驭、卸载、旁插、支持赛、赛跑线和粗野力量的大师级,以赢得其首枚任何颜色的奥运金牌。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛给英国银牌公司带来了不那么破败的安慰,他们可以自豪地参加奥运会七大赛开幕式,在比赛中他们一路击败新西兰、阿根廷和南非。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa on the way.
英国银牌第三场比赛的失败伴随着英国银牌的不那么破败的安慰,他们在7届奥运会开幕式上战胜了新西兰、阿根廷和南非,他们为此感到自豪。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they defeated New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌第三场比赛的失败伴随着英国银牌的不那么破败的安慰,他们可以为自己在首届奥运会7场比赛中在一路击败新西兰、阿根廷和南非而自豪。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, France and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌第三场比赛的失败伴随着英国银牌的不那么破败的安慰,他们可以自豪地参加奥运会七大赛开幕式,在比赛中他们一路击败新西兰、法国和南非。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Australia and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌大赛的第三场比赛给英国银牌大赛带来了不那么破败的安慰,他们可以自豪地参加奥运会七大赛开幕式,在比赛中他们一路击败新西兰、澳大利亚和南非。
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver-Britain's third of the day-and they could be proud of their efforts at the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
英国银牌第三场比赛的失败伴随着英国银牌的不那么破败的安慰,他们可以自豪地参加奥运会七大赛开幕式,在比赛中他们一路击败新西兰、阿根廷和南非。
The bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中被击败的Boks的伤痕,可能在决赛中又回来咬伤了他们。
A bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中击败了7-5的Boks的伤势,可能在决赛中又回来咬伤了他们。
The bruising beating of the Boks, 8-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中被击败的Boks的伤痕,可能在决赛中又回来咬伤了他们。
The bruising beating of the Boks, 6-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
当天早些时候在半决赛中击败了6-5的Boks的伤痕,可能在决赛中又回来咬伤了他们。
The bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-finals earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
博克斯在当天早些时候的半决赛中击败了7-5人,他们可能又在决赛中被击败了。
Their bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
他们今天早些时候在半决赛中击败了博克斯,可能回来在决赛中咬了他们。
But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,不管怎么说,这种形式的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
But, regardless, Fiji in this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,不管怎样,这种形式的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
But, regardless, Fiji on this form could have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,不管怎么说,这种形式的斐济队本可以击败一个15人的球队。
But, regardless, Fiji on that form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
但是,不管怎么说,这个阵型的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
However, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
不过,不管怎么说,这种形式的斐济队会打败一个15人的球队。
But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man side.
但是,不管怎么说,这种形式的斐济人会打败一个15人的球队。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It will be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
明天,至少有一位英国人将获得金牌,这将会给英国广播公司带来一些安慰——但可能不会。 斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It may be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Sean Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板肖恩·瑞恩。
It might be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
英国广播公司或许可以安慰他,但可能不会安慰他,因为明天至少有一位英国人将获得金牌:斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It should be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
明天,至少一位英国人的脖子上将有一个金牌,这应该使英国人感到安慰——但可能不是。 斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩。
It would be some consolation to GB-but probably not-that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow : Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
明天,至少有一位英国人将获得金牌,这给英国广播公司(可能不是)带来一些安慰:斐济的主教练是来自温布尔登的前英格兰老板本·瑞恩(Ben Ryan)。
It has been some journey for GB.
对英国广播公司来说,这已经是一段旅程了.
This has been some journey for GB.
这是英国广播公司的一段旅程.
There has been some journey for GB.
英国广播公司曾有过一段旅程.
That has been some journey for GB.
这是英国广播公司的一段旅程.
It had been some journey for GB.
这段路程是去英国的.
It has been a journey for GB.
这是英国广播公司的旅程.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
八年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Five years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
五年前,在瑞恩的领导下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Ten years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
十年前,在瑞恩的领导下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Four years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
四年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Three years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
三年前,在瑞恩的指挥下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Eight months ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
八个月前,在瑞恩的领导下,他们在阿德莱德七人队输了每场比赛。
Here, they lost just one.
在这里,他们只失去了一个。
Overall, they lost just one.
总的来说,他们只输了一个。
However, they lost just one.
然而,他们只失去了一个。
however, they lost just one.
然而,他们只损失了一颗。
Here, they lost only one.
在这里,他们只失去了一个。
Here, we lost just one.
在这里,我们只失去了一个。
This hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.
这种敲击会伤人,但进展令人吃惊.
The hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.
锤子会很痛,但进展却令人吃惊.
This hammering will hurt but his progress is startling.
这种敲击会很痛,但是他的进展令人吃惊.
This hammering will hurt but our progress is startling.
这种敲打会很痛,但是我们的进展却令人吃惊.
This hammering will hurt but my progress is startling.
敲门会伤人,但我的进展令人吃惊.
This hammering may hurt but the progress is startling.
这种敲击可能伤人,但进展令人吃惊.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济的比赛开始得非常出色, 跳离GB球赛以取乐.
Fiji played magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济的比赛非常精彩, 击退了GB球,以取乐.
Fiji performed magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济表现得非常出色, 击退了GB球,以取乐.
Fiji scored magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济队的得分很高, 击退了GB球以取乐.
Fiji started splendidly, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济开始兴高采烈, 跳出GB球赛跑的乐趣.
Fiji started brilliantly, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
斐济开始开局辉煌, 跳出GB球,以取乐.
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一连串的移动巴士,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转弯处跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0的成绩脱颖而出。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 4-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一连串的移动巴士一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转弯处跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以4比0的成绩脱颖而出。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-1 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一系列移动巴士一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转角处跳下时,世界大赛冠军们的成绩也达到了5比1。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 3-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一系列移动巴士一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转角处跳下时,世界大赛冠军们以3比0的成绩脱颖而出。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau barged over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和世界大赛的队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一系列的移动巴士一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转弯处撞车时,世界大赛冠军们以5比0的成绩上场了。
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau doubled over in the corner.
就像在汤姆·米切尔和球队队长和世界大赛冠军遭遇一系列移动巴士一样,当奥西娅·科里尼索在转角处翻了两番时,世界大赛冠军们的成绩就达到了5比0。
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了4分钟,在右翼下方又加上了1分钟,这架飞机被转换了。
With five minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
杰瑞·图瓦伊在时钟上用了五分钟,在右翼下方又加上了一个侧翼。
With three minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟上挂了3分钟,杰瑞·图瓦伊又在右翼下方又加上了1分钟,这架飞机被转换了。
With six minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟上摆了6分钟,杰瑞·图瓦伊又在右翼下方又加上了1分钟,这架飞机被改装了。
With two minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟上挂了两分钟,杰瑞·图瓦伊又在右翼下方又加上了另一只被转换成右翼的机翼。
With eight minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
时钟8分钟后,杰瑞·图瓦伊又在右翼下方又加上了另一侧,而右翼则被转换为右翼。
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
12-0和GB几乎没有碰到球.
5-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
5-0和GB几乎没有碰到球。
4-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
4-0和GB几乎没有碰到球。
3-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
3-0和GB几乎没有碰到球。
2-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
2比0和GB几乎没有碰到球.
1-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
1-0和GB几乎没有碰到球。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了内昂纳哈拉瓦的排名第三,但它只是推迟了斐济。
A superb Mitchell tackle kept the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役让中华民国的中华民国无法夺得第三名,但这只能延缓斐济。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third and it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了内昂纳哈拉瓦的排名第三,只是推迟了斐济。
A superb Mitchell tackle prevented the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了内昂·纳哈拉瓦的排名第三,但这只能拖延了斐济的比赛。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Sakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一次绝妙的米切尔击败了莱昂内昂·萨哈拉瓦的三分之一,但这只能延缓斐济。
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped a man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
一场绝妙的米切尔战役阻止了一名男子-山里昂纳哈拉瓦获得三分之一的分数,但它只是推迟了斐济。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua出现在右侧角落,而GB是1700比0。
After seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
7分钟后,Jasa Veremalua降落在右侧角落,而GB是17-0对坏。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua headed down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua在右侧角向下走去,而GB是17-0的坏球。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner as GB were 17-0 to the bad.
七分钟后,Jasa Veremalua在右侧角落被击倒,因为GB是17-0的坏蛋。
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua went down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
7分钟后,Jasa Veremalua进入右侧角落,而GB是17-0的负数。
Within seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
在7分钟内,Jasa Veremalua在右侧角被击倒,而GB是1700比0。
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
娜卡拉瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Takarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
上半场,Takawa又加上了另一场,还有一分钟多的时间。
Nakarawa added another from the restart but there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
娜卡拉瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,但是在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Nariwa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
纳里瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,而且在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Nasawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
纳萨瓦在重新开始后又加上了另一个,在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Nakarawa had another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock... in the first half.
娜卡拉娃在重新开始后又有了一场比赛,在上半场还有一分钟多的时间。
Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,瓦特莫·拉瓦乌乌通过一些更单调的GB击球,冲到球线上打分.
Iatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
然后,伊特莫·拉瓦乌夫冲破一些更单调的GB,冲到线上打分.
Fiatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,拉瓦乌乌派通过一些更单调的GB攻打,冲向球线以获得分数.
Diatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
然后,Ravouvou冲破一些更单调的GB球,冲到线上打分.
Vilimo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
维利莫·拉沃乌夫经过一些更单调的GB攻势后冲向线上射门.
Viliamo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
接着,维利亚莫·拉瓦乌夫冲破一些更单调的GB,冲到线上打分.
The conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
转换使29比0在休息时间。
A conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
转换后,在休息时间29比0。
Another conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
另一次转换是在休息时间29-0。
The conversion made it 29-0 after the break.
休息后转换为29-0。
His conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
他的转换使休息时间为29-0。
The conversion made it 29-3 at the break.
在休息时转换为29-3。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
It was as though Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning this trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这种职业。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning that trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7分球,而英国人仍在学习这种交易。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, and GB are still learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7球,而英国人仍在学习这个行业。
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are now learning the trade.
仿佛斐济人生来就打7分球,而英国人现在正在学习这个行业。
Which is pretty much how it is.
这差不多是这样了。
This is pretty much how it is.
这差不多是这样了。
That is pretty much how it is.
这差不多是这样了。
It is pretty much how it is.
差不多是这样了。
Which is pretty much what it is.
这差不多就是现在的了。
Which is pretty much all it is.
这差不多就是这么多了。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时做了批改,他们将斐济大坝通了四分钟,按上半场标准,大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才完工。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards were good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时做了批改,他们将斐济大坝通了四分钟,按照上半场的标准,这些大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of ten minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时做了批改,他们用十分钟将斐济大坝通了出去,而根据上半场的标准,大坝是好的,直到Josua Tuisova经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time as they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司半场时就做了批量修改,他们把斐济大坝通了四分钟,按上半场标准来看,这是好的,直到荷苏阿·图伊索瓦经过斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后才恢复。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, when Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国在半场时做了批改,他们将斐济大坝通了四分钟,而根据上半场的标准,这是很好的,当时,Josua Tuisova经过了斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后,才离开了。
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam... for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, but Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
英国广播公司在半场时做了批改,他们将斐济大坝通了四分钟,按上半场标准看,大坝是好的,但是Josua Tuisova经过了斐济人的一些辉煌的相互影响之后,离开了大坝。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动,使它变成36-7,但是这场游戏早已被南海岛民所取代了,他们的球迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗子,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the top corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在顶角向下移动,使它成为36-7,但是这场游戏已经远去南海岛民的路线,他们的粉丝们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 20-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动,使它变成20-7,但是这场游戏早已过时了,南海岛民的歌迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-6 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动使它36-6,但是这场游戏早已过时了南海岛民的路线,他们的粉丝们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
Dan Norton got a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿试了一下GB,在左侧弯下身子使它变成36-7,但是这场比赛早已结束了,南海岛民的球迷们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗子,跳舞。
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 14-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
丹诺顿抓住了对GB的尝试,在左侧角落向下移动使它14-7,但是这场游戏早已过时了南海岛民的路线,他们的粉丝们在看台上唱着歌,挥舞着旗帜,跳舞。
It was hard not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
很难不钦佩斐济的整个喜悦态度。
It was difficult not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
很难不钦佩斐济的整个喜悦态度。
It was impossible not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
人们不可能不赞美斐济的整个喜悦态度。
It was hard not to admire Fiji's sometimes joyful approach.
很难不赞许斐济有时欣喜若狂的做法。
It was hard not to appreciate Fiji's whole joyful approach.
很难不赞赏斐济的整个喜悦态度。
It was hard not to admire Fiji's more joyful approach.
很难不赞许斐济更快乐的做法。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的时刻,它不需要再加冰糖。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian pie that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
马塔·维利美冰冻了斐济的馅饼,在垂死的时刻,它不需要再加冰糖。
Lady Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
维利美夫人冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在奄奄一息的时刻,不必再加糖糖。
Miss Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
维利美小姐冰冻了斐济蛋糕,在临死的时候,不必再加糖糖了。
Aunt Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
菲利美姨妈在临死的时候,用不着再涂糖霜的斐济蛋糕上冰了。
Madame Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
维利美夫人在临死的时候,用不着再涂糖霜的斐济蛋糕上冰了。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了,斐济人拥抱起来,英国英镑击中了地盘,彻底击败了。
The ball went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
球打响了,斐济人拥抱,英镑击中了地盘,彻底击败了。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB left the turf, thoroughly beaten.
哨声响了, 斐济人拥抱起来,英国广播公司离开了草皮, 彻底击败了.
The fight went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
这场战斗过去了,斐济人拥抱了起来,英国英镑击中了地盘,彻底击败了。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, well beaten.
哨声响了,斐济人拥抱了起来,英国英镑击中了草皮,打得好。
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, badly beaten.
哨声响了,斐济人拥抱,英国英镑击中了地盘,严重击败。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-6 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队20-6,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-14 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队20-14,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队,英国队各胜一胜一胜。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had defeated Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本20-5,在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final while GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本队20-5,而英国队在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队。
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-match of one try each-Britain's conversion the difference.
当天早些时候,斐济在半决赛中击败了日本20-5,而英国队则在激烈的半决赛中击败了南非队。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但丹·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Chris Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但是克里斯·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Scott Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但是斯科特·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Graham Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但是格雷厄姆·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步动作击败了球队,在下半场的阵容中也得分。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork found the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前场,但丹·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步方式找到了球队,在下半场的阵容中也打进了一球。
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork crossed the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
凯尔·布朗在上半场将波克斯队排在前排,但丹·诺顿在下半场以令人眼花缭乱的脚步划破了线,在下半场的阵容中得分。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A powerful late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上大发雷霆,夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A strong late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场激烈比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the victory-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant late tackle by Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately the silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上夺冠,夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win-and ultimately a silver medal.
英格兰队15名队员的哥哥马库斯·沃森在晚会上的一场精彩比赛中夺得了冠军,最终夺得了银牌。
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛的胜利
Helen Glover and Heather Denning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Denning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛
Helen Glover and Heather Stanger inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Staniger在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛
Helen Glover and Heather Fanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Fanning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛的胜利
Helen Glover and Heather Canning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Canning在教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory from coach's cancer battle
Helen Glover和Heather Stanning从教练的癌症战中赢得了赛艇比赛的胜利
There will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
这些比赛没有比这更激动人心的金牌了,那就是说些什么。
There would not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
在这些比赛中,没有比这更感人的金牌了,那就是说些什么。
There could not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
在这些比赛中,没有比这更激动人心的金牌了,那就是说些什么。
There will not be a more emotive gold at these games, so that is saying something.
在这些比赛中,没有比这更感人的金牌了,所以,这说明什么了。
There will not be a more emotive gold in these games, and that is saying something.
这些比赛没有比这更令人感动的金牌了。
There will not be any more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
这些比赛不会再有感情上的金牌了, 也就是说.
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创史了220个惩罚性的大人物,他们在《拉果河》的金色时刻找到了更多的意义。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estação da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创史了220个惩罚性的大人物,他们在拉果乐园的金色时刻发现这些人物的意义更深了。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment in the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创史了220个惩罚性的大人物,他们在《拉果河》中的金色时刻找到了更多的意义。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning put added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创史了220个惩罚性的大人物,他们在《拉果河》的黄金时刻增添了意义。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing sheaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创历史的220个惩罚性的鞘,在他们位于拉果乐园的黄金时刻,发现它们的意义更深了。
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Denning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·丹宁从第一次中风到最后一次中风,创下了220个惩罚性的巨浪,在他们登山的金色时刻,发现它们的意义更深了。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在她们为女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一位女子,她们可以达到如此高的水准。
Although they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
虽然他们俩是划桨的两个人,船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声在她们女子对接连夺得奥运金牌时一直回响着,那是英国体育史上第一位能达到如此高度的女性。
Though there were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管两只手拉着桨,船上却有三声声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在她们为女子双人接连夺奥运金牌的比赛中,这是英国体育史上第一位女性标尺如此高的运动员。
Though they were the two pulling on the oar, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩是划桨的,船上却有三种声音,罗宾·威廉斯主教练的回声一直出现在她们为女子队接二连三夺冠的奥运金牌上,这是英国体育史上第一位女性运动员,她们可以达到如此高的高度。
Though it were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
虽然是那两只划桨的船,船内有三声,但主教练罗宾·威廉斯的回声,在她们女子对接连夺得第二枚奥运金牌时,却是英国体育史上第一位女性,她们可以称得上如此高。
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams always present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
尽管他们俩在划桨,那艘船上却有三声声音,但主教练罗宾·威廉斯的回声总是出现在他们的双胞胎中,这是英国体育史上第一位能达到如此高度的女子,她们连续获得第二枚奥运金牌。
Their dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的统治力是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
The dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
统治是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their victory was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的胜利是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their confidence was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的自信是绝对的,毕竟这是他们第39次的不败,也是前所未有的。
Their dominance was absolute, after all this was the 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的统治力是绝对的,毕竟是第39次的不败,再一次空前的。
Their dominance was absolute, after all this was their fourth outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
他们的统治力是绝对的, 毕竟这是他们第四次不败的, 又一次空前的.
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
What you see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
你所看到的,两个光辉的运动员在水面滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
What I see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面滑翔,天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映胜利的本质。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating across the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个杰出的运动员在水面滑冰,带着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映胜利的本质。
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating along the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个光辉的运动员在水面滑冰,带着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
What we see, two young athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
我们所看到的,两个年轻的运动员在水面上滑翔着天鹅的优雅,并不完全反映出胜利的本质。
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增量的成绩,从而有所区别。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用了。
Behind each rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
在每只赛艇的金牌后面,都是一群热心的手,贡献了增量的金牌,这使得情况大不一样。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断出癌症的教练的手更有用了。
For every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
因为每只赛艇上的金牌都是一营热心的手,它们带来的增量收益是不同的,而且没有哪一只手比30个月前的教练更有用,因为30个月前,当被诊断为癌症时,他不知道自己是否活在今天。
Behind the rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
赛艇的金牌后面是一群热心的手,他们贡献了增量的成绩,从而有所区别。 没有一个手比30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断为癌症的教练更有用。
Behind this rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
赛艇的金牌后面是一营热心的手,他们贡献了增加的成绩,从而产生不同效果。 没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活过这一天的教练的手更有用了。
Nearly every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
几乎每只赛艇上的金牌都是一营热心的手,贡献了这些增量的金牌,没有一只手比一位30个月前还不知道自己是否活在今天被诊断为癌症的教练的手更有用了。
As he said, it was touch and go.
正如他所言,这是触摸而去。
As she said, it was touch and go.
正如她说的,这是触摸和去。
Like he said, it was touch and go.
就像他说的,这是触摸而去。
As I said, it was touch and go.
正如我所言,这是触摸而去。
As you said, it was touch and go.
正如你说的,这是触摸和去。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以手术和他们做的一件事情。
I got bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以手术和他们做的一件事情。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on so they did.
我患了膀胱癌,这是他们可以手术的疾病之一。
I have bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
我有膀胱癌,这是他们可以手术和他们做的一件事情。
I had lung cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
我患了肺癌,这是他们可以手术的,他们做的。
I had stomach cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
我患了胃癌,这是他们可以手术的,他们做的。
If they don't it goes everywhere.
如果他们不这样做的话,它就无处不在了。
When they don't it goes everywhere.
当他们不这样做时,它就无处不在了。
If we don't it goes everywhere.
如果我们不这样做,它就无处不在了。
If you don't it goes everywhere.
如果你不这样做,它就无处不在了。
If I don't it goes everywhere.
如果我不这样做,它就无处不在了。
If they don't he goes everywhere.
如果他们不这样做,他到处去。
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
情况本来会很糟糕的。
That would have been a pretty bad situation.
那将是一个相当糟糕的情况。
This would have been a pretty bad situation.
情况本来会很糟糕。
It could have been a pretty bad situation.
这可能是一个相当糟糕的情况。
It must have been a pretty bad situation.
这一定是个非常糟糕的情况。
It would have been a pretty dangerous situation.
那将是一个相当危险的情况。
It alters your outlook a bit.
它会稍微改变你的想法。
It improves your outlook a bit.
它能稍微改善你的前景。
That alters your outlook a bit.
这会改变你的想法。
It alters your outlook a little.
它会稍微改变你的看法。
It alters your perspective a bit.
它会稍微改变你的观点.
It alters your life a bit.
它会稍微改变你的生活。
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
威廉斯于2013年12月被诊断出。
Williams was diagnosed in December 2014.
威廉斯于2014年12月被诊断出。
Williams was diagnosed in November 2013.
Williams于2013年11月被确诊。
Williams was diagnosed in December 2016.
威廉姆斯于2016年12月被诊断。
Williams was diagnosed in September 2013.
Williams于2013年9月被确诊。
Williams was diagnosed in October 2013.
Williams于2013年10月被确诊。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能减少干扰,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment before the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年开始脱离赛季之前开始接受治疗,尽可能减少干扰,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The team were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
幸运的是,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能减少干扰,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to commence his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,将干扰保持在最低程度,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
The players were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
幸运的是,他能在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能减少比赛的中断,如果在诸如此类的情况下这样做是正确的话。
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression under circumstances such as these.
这三人很幸运,他能够在2014年初的赛季结束后开始接受治疗,尽可能减少干扰,如果在诸如此类的情况下这是正确表达的话。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我需要薪水,所以我必须尽快恢复健康。
I had to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我不得不拿到薪水,所以我必须尽快变得更好。
I wanted to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我想得到报酬,所以我必须尽快得到更好的待遇。
I used to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
我过去总是拿到薪水,所以我必须尽快恢复健康。
I needed to get paid and I had to get better quickly.
我需要薪水,我必须尽快变得更好。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better now.
我需要薪水,所以现在我必须变得更好。
It was an incentive.
这是一种激励。
That was an incentive.
这是一种激励。
There was an incentive.
存在一种激励机制。
It is an incentive.
这是一种激励。
It was the incentive.
这就是动力所在。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-20ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我正在20英尺20英尺,30英尺50英尺的病房里走着,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-25ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我绕着病房走着,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-15ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我绕着病房走着,在15英尺,30英尺50英尺的地方,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-30ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我绕着那间50英尺30英寸的病房走着,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-20ft, 30ft 40ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我正在20英尺20英尺,30英尺40英尺的病房里走着,他们说几步就够了。
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward-20ft, 25ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
我当时在医院里,我正在20英尺20英尺,25英尺50英尺的病房里走着,他们说几步就够了。
That's how it starts off.
就是这样开始的。
That's where it starts off.
就是从那里开始的。
That's how it starts out.
就是这样开始的。
That's how it started off.
就是这样开始的。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,但是这让它变得更大了一点。
Rowing by itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
独行本身就是一次旅程,但这使它变得更大了一点。
Rowing in itself is a journey and that makes it a bit bigger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,它使它更大一些。
Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a little bigger.
划船本身就是一次旅行,但是这使它变得更大了。
This in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
这本身就是一次旅行,但这使它变得更大了一点。
That in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
这本身就是一次旅行,但这使它变得更大了一点。
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的即刻阶段,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
With the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
随着胜利的到来,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他已经度过了一个紧张的早晨,他比平时多说几句,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an effort to process his own anxieties.
在胜利的即刻阶段,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨,比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process her own anxieties.
在胜利的即刻阶段,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他度过了一个紧张的早晨,比平时多说几句,试图处理自己的焦虑。
Despite the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
尽管胜利已经迫在眉睫,他们还是首先想到威廉姆斯,他花了一个紧张的早晨比平时多谈一些事情,试图处理自己的焦虑。
After the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
胜利之后,他们首先想到的是威廉姆斯,他度过了一个紧张的早晨,比平时多说几句,试图处理自己的焦虑。
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦宁说:“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Canning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
坎宁是皇家炮兵团的队长,在她身后巡视阿富汗,她说:“我这星期情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
Denning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长丹宁说:“这星期我情绪崩溃了,可能有点极端,但是它的意义如此之大。”
Fanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长范宁说:“这星期我情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Stansfield, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦菲尔德说:“我这星期情绪性地崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said " I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a little extreme, but it means such a lot. "
在她身后游览阿富汗的皇家炮兵团队长斯坦宁说:“这星期我情绪崩溃了,也许有点极端,但是它的意义是如此之大。”
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦的工作,以及罗宾的工作。
This just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
这只再次证明这一点对我是多么重要,我和海伦都做了多少工作,罗宾也做了多少工作。
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much I and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它只重复了这对我的意义,我和海伦的工作,以及罗宾的工作。
It also reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它还重申了这一点对我的意义,我和海伦的工作,以及罗宾的工作。
It only reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它只重复了这对我来说意味着什么,我和海伦工作了多少,罗宾也工作了多少。
It just reiterates how much it means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
它只重复了它对我的意义,我和海伦的工作以及罗宾的工作。
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.
与海伦和罗宾在一起的三年前,这真是一个奇迹。
It's been a fantastic two years back with Helen and Robin.
和海伦和罗宾在一起的两年前,这真是一个奇迹。
It's been a fantastic couple years back with Helen and Robin.
几年前,和海伦和罗宾在一起,真是太棒了。
It's been a fantastic three years back for Helen and Robin.
对海伦和罗宾来说,三年前这真是一个奇迹。
It's been a fantastic three months back with Helen and Robin.
与海伦和罗宾共度三个月的美好时光。
It's been really fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.
3年前和海伦和罗宾在一起真是太棒了。
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without him we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有他,我们就不会是任何人,因此,由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin there would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,就不会有任何人,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin we would have nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就没有人了,所以由于他的巨大感谢,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin you would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,你就不会是任何人了,所以由于他的存在,他是世界上最优秀的教练。
Without Robin we would be nobody, and a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
如果没有罗宾,我们就不会是任何人,而由于他的存在,他是世界上最好的教练。
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better teacher.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的老师.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, and a better coach.
我不可能要求更好的人和更好的教练一起训练。
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better trainer.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better man to train with, or a better coach.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的教练.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better mentor.
我不可能要求一个更好的人和他一起训练, 也不会要求一个更好的导师.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race for five years.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·斯坦宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Heather Canning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·坎宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Heather Banning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛弗和希瑟·班宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Heather Fanning haven't lost a race in five years.
海伦·格洛佛和希瑟·范宁已经五年没输了.
Helen Glover and Heather Denning haven't lost a race in five years.
Helen Glover和Heather Denning已经五年没输了.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
The two set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
两人设定了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法匹配.
The pair set a punishing rhythm which their rivals could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that the rivals could never match.
这对恋人设置了一个惩罚性的节奏,对手永远无法匹配.
The pair created a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
两人创造了一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法匹配.
The pair had a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
这对恋人有一个惩罚性的节奏,他们的对手永远无法与之相媲美.
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米的最后时刻,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备也太多。
Even during the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米最后时刻,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备也太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark started to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米的最后时刻,斯坦宁和格洛佛的储备也太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Fanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米后,Fanning和Glover的储备也太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Denning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在新西兰和丹麦的船员开始关闭的500米后,丹宁和格洛佛的储备仍然太多。
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark threatened to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
即使在最后500米时,新西兰和丹麦的船员威胁要关闭,斯坦宁和格洛弗的储备太多。
We were very much in the moment.
此刻我们相处得非常融洽。
They were very much in the moment.
此刻,他们已是多愁善感了。
We are very much in the moment.
我们目前的情况非常严重。
We were very much in this moment.
这时,我们相处得非常融洽。
We were so much in the moment.
那一刻,我们实在太过份了。
We were very deep in the moment.
我们当时很沉浸在其中。
Helen was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
海伦打电话来是 “ 坚持这个过程, 坚持那个过程 ”.
Helen kept calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
海伦不停地喊 “ 停留在过程中, 停留在过程中 ”.
Helen began calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
海伦开始呼叫 “ 坚持在过程中, 坚持在过程中 ”.
Helen is calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
海伦打电话来是 “ 坚持这个过程, 坚持那个过程 ”.
Helen keeps calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
海伦不停地喊 “ 坚持在过程中, 坚持在过程中 ”.
She was calling'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
她打电话叫 “ 坚持这个过程, 坚持那个过程 ”.
It's really important not to get carried away.
不要被感动了,这是很重要的。
It's very important not to get carried away.
最重要的是不要被感动了。
It's more important not to get carried away.
更重要的是不要让自己被感动了。
It's really hard not to get carried away.
很难不被感动了。
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个良好的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We made a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们开了一个好头,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We got a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个好的开始,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We had a good start but at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个良好的开端,但同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do something amazing.
我们有一个良好的开端,同时我们并不想做一些令人惊讶的事情。
We had a great start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
我们有一个伟大的开端,同时我们并不想做任何令人惊叹的事情。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to come out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出来赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win this race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks tonight, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
我们今晚不是在找烟火,我们只是想排好一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks either, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
我们也不是在找烟火,我们只是想好好排一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just trying to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
今天我们不是在找烟火,我们只是想好好排一排,出去赢得这场比赛,我们做到了这一点。
The pair will take a year before deciding their futures.
这对夫妇要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来.
Each pair will take a year before deciding their futures.
每对夫妇都要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来。
The pair will take one year before deciding their futures.
这对夫妇要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来.
The girls will take a year before deciding their futures.
女孩们要花一年的时间才能决定自己的未来。
The pair will take another year before deciding their futures.
两人还要再花一年时间才能决定他们的未来.
The students will take a year before deciding their futures.
学生们要花一年的时间才能决定他们的未来.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover plans a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗计划下个月去参加婚礼, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover announces a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗宣布下个月参加婚礼, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克.
Glover had a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover announced a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗宣布下个月参加婚礼, 她自己的电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, his own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
格洛弗下月有个婚礼要出席, 他自己给电视冒险家史蒂夫·巴克歇尔.
For now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在,她只想享受此刻。
For now he just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在他只想享受这个瞬间。
Right now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
现在,她只想享受此刻。
But now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
但是现在她只想享受这个瞬间。
For now she just wants to enjoy this moment.
现在,她只想享受此刻。
For now she simply wants to enjoy the moment.
现在她只想享受这个瞬间。
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
我不想说这是我最后一次比赛。
I don't want to say this was my last race.
我不想说这是我最后一次比赛。
I didn't want to say it was my last race.
我不想说那是我最后一次比赛。
I didn't want to say that was my last race.
我不想说那是我最后一次比赛。
I didn't want to say this was my first race.
我不想说这是我第一次参加比赛。
I didn't want to say this was the last race.
我不想说这是最后一次比赛。
That would have meant too much pressure.
这 意味着 压力 太大 。
It would have meant too much pressure.
那意味着压力太大了。
That would have been too much pressure.
那将会是太大的压力。
That would have meant so much pressure.
那意味着压力太大了。
In London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约6个月才意识到自己是奥运冠军。
In London it took about four months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约四个月才意识到自己是奥运冠军。
After London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦奥运会之后,我花了大约6个月才意识到自己是奥运冠军。
In London it took about three months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约三个月才意识到自己是奥运冠军。
In London it took about six weeks to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约六个星期才意识到我是一个奥运冠军。
In London it took about 18 months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
在伦敦,我花了大约18个月才意识到自己是奥运冠军。
It was all so new and I was so stressed.
这一切都是新鲜的,我压力太大了。
This was all so new and I was so stressed.
这一切都是全新的,我压力太大了。
It was all so new and I felt so stressed.
这一切都是全新的,我感到压力太大了。
It was all so new and I was really stressed.
这一切都是全新的,我确实感到了压力。
It was still so new and I was so stressed.
仍然很新鲜,我压力很大。
It was all so new and she was so stressed.
这一切都是崭新的,她也感到了压力。
Here it took about four minutes.
大约用了四分钟。
Here it took about five minutes.
大约用了五分钟。
Here it took about fifteen minutes.
在这儿花了大约十五分钟。
Here it took about ten minutes.
大约用了十分钟。
Here it took about thirty minutes.
大约用了三十分钟。
Here it took about twenty minutes.
大约用了20分钟。
This feels so much better, " she said.
这感觉好多了,”她说。
That feels so much better, " she said.
感觉好多了,”她说。
It feels so much better, " she said.
感觉好多了,”她说。
This is so much better, " she said.
这好得多了,”她说。
This feels so much better, " he said.
这感觉好多了。”他说。
This feels so much better, " she whispered.
这感觉好多了。”她低声说。
A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆的令人惊叹的建筑的前排座位
A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Public Library
位于洛杉矶公共图书馆的令人惊叹的建筑的前排座位
A front-row seat to the beautiful architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
洛杉矶中央图书馆美丽的建筑的前排座位
A front-row seat to the unique architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
洛杉矶中央图书馆独特建筑的前排座位
a front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆大楼前排的座位
A front-row seat to the stunning interior of the Los Angeles Central Library
位于洛杉矶中央图书馆内部的一排前排座位
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library when the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多有关市中心图书馆的历史,当建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和斯蒂芬·吉主持沙龙,新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of a new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the recent book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙,最近一本名为《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的书的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Northern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会北加利福尼亚分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉主持沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians / Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book " Los Angeles Central Library : A History of its Art and Architecture ".
了解更多关于市中心图书馆的历史,作为建筑史学家协会南加州分会与阿诺德·施瓦茨曼和史蒂芬·吉举行沙龙的新书《洛杉矶中央图书馆:艺术与建筑史》的作者。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼计划讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holbrook Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼计划讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡的设计以及哈迪霍尔布鲁克普费弗协会1993年的修复和补充。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Architects.
吉恩和施瓦茨曼计划讨论和分享1926年贝尔特拉姆古德胡的设计以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费费尔建筑师1993年的修复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Hiram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼计划讨论和分享1926年赫拉姆古德胡设计的图片以及哈迪·霍尔兹曼·普费弗协会1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holcombe Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼计划讨论和分享1926年Bertram Goodhue设计的图片以及Hardy Holcombe Pfeiffer Associates1993年的恢复和添加。
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 renovations and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
吉和施瓦茨曼(Schwartzman)计划讨论和分享1926年Bertram Goodhue设计的图片以及Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates1993年的装修和添加。
The salon is set for 2 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日下午2点至4点在索尔现代艺术,德科西南法学院, ( 原为布尔克斯威尔郡 ) 3050威尔希尔布尔夫德.
The salon is set for 3 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日下午3点至4点在萨勒现代艺术,德科西南法学院 ( 原为布尔克斯·威尔希尔 ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
The salon is set for 1 p. m. to 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日下午1点至4点在索尔现代艺术,德科西南法学院, ( 原为布尔克斯威尔郡 ) 3050威尔希尔布尔夫德.
The salon is set for 2 p. m. to 5 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日下午2点至5点在索尔现代艺术,德科西南法学院, ( 原为布尔克斯威尔郡 ) 3050威尔希尔布尔夫德.
The salon is set for 2 p. m. to 3 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日下午2点至3点在萨勒现代艺术,德科西南法学院 ( 原为布尔克斯·威尔希尔 ), 3050威尔希尔·布莱夫德.
The salon is set for 2 p. m. and 4 p. m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, ( formerly Bullocks Wilshire ), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
沙龙定于8月21日下午2点和下午4点在索尔现代艺术,德科西南法学院, ( 原为布尔克斯·威尔希尔 ) 3050Wilshire Blvd.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 周期室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Music Room.
参加者可以参观中央大厅 、 定期休息室 、 仙人掌休息室和音乐厅.
Attendees may tour the Central Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 周期室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
Attendees can tour the Grand Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观大厅 、 周期室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
Attendees can tour the Great Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观大厅 、 定期休息室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶室.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Meeting Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
参加者可以参观中央厅 、 会议室 、 仙人掌休息室和茶厅.
Advance tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
须预留机票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
Advance passes are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
须提前领取;SAH/SCC成员15美元;非成员25美元。
Advance tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 20 ; non-members, $ 25.
须预留机票;SAH/SCC会员,20元;非会员,25元。
All tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
所有机票均需购买;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
Two tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
需要两张票;SAH/SCC会员15元;非会员25元。
Advance membership are required ; SAH / SCC members, $ 15 ; non-members, $ 25.
会员须预缴会员费;SAH/SCC会员须缴15元;非会员须缴25元。
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
在DTLA的一间开放的工业阁楼里,可以做一个舒适的化妆品
An open, industrial loft in RTLA gets a cozy makeover
在RTLA中,一个开阔的工业阁楼得到舒适的造型
An older, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
在DTLA中,一个老的工业阁楼得到舒适的造型
An open, industrial loft in MTLA gets a cozy makeover
MTLA的一家开阔的工业阁楼得到舒适的造型
The open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
在DTLA的开放的工业阁楼得到舒适的造型
An abandoned, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
在DTLA的一家废弃的工业阁楼得到舒适的改造
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 90th birthday with-what else ?-a new book
庆贺洛杉矶中央图书馆90岁生日——还有一本新书吗?
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 125th birthday with-what else ?-a new book
庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆第125个生日——还有一本新书吗?
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 90th birthday and-what else ?-a new book
庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆90岁生日,还有别的什么——一本新书
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 90th birthday with-where else ?-a new book
庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆90 岁生日,还有一本新书
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 90th anniversary with-what else ?-a new book
用别的什么来庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆成立90周年——一本新书
Celebrating L. A.'s Central Library's 90th Birthday with-what else ?-a new book
庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆90岁生日——还有一本新书吗?
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
保加利亚员额通胀8个月中首次出现通胀
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 6 Months
6个月中第1次通货膨胀
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 4 Months
4个月中第1次通货膨胀
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 12 Months
12个月中第1次通货膨胀
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 5 Months
5个月中第1次通货膨胀
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 3 Months
3个月中第1次通货膨胀
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria reached 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的通胀率每月达到1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria exceeded 1 % on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的通胀率每月超过1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a weekly basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的通胀率为1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a daily basis in July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的通胀率为每日1%.
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis during July, national statistics show.
国家统计数据显示,保加利亚7月份的月通胀率为1%.
This is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is the highest value in years ( since July 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年7月以来的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is the highest value in years ( since September 2012 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年9月以来的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is the highest value in years ( since June 2013 ) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是多年来(自2013年6月以来)的最高值,也是自去年10月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since August of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高值,也是自去年8月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
This is the highest value in years ( since June 2012 ) and the first one above zero since December of last year when a positive 0. 2 % was posted.
这是自2012年6月以来的最高值,也是自去年12月公布正值为0.2%以来首次高于零值。
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月(2015年8月至2016年7月)按消费物价指数计算的年平均通胀率为-0.8%.
The overall average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月 ( 2015年8月至2016年7月 ) 与前12个月 ( 2014年8月至2015年7月 )相比的总平均通胀率为-0.
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( July 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月(2015年8月至2016年7月)按消费物价指数计算的年平均通胀率为-0.8%.
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( July 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月 ( 2015年7月至2016年7月 ) 与前12个月 ( 2014年8月至2015年7月 ) 相比,以消费物价指数衡量的年度平均通胀率为-0.
The cumulative average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 8 %.
过去12个月(2015年8月至2016年7月)与前12个月(2014年8月至2015年7月)的累积平均通胀率为-0.
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months ( August 2015-July 2016 ) compared to the previous 12 months ( August 2014-July 2015 ) was-0. 5 %.
过去12个月 ( 2015年8月至2016年7月 ) 与前12个月 ( 2014年8月至2015年7月 ) 相比,按消费物价指数计算的年平均通胀率为-0. 5%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumer price index in August 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年8月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumer price index in September 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年9月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation is 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年7月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumer price index in November 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年11月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The consumer price index in October 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101. 0 %, i. e. the monthly inflation was 1. 0 %.
与2016年6月相比,2016年10月的消费物价指数为101.0%,即月通胀率为1.0%。
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
年初(2016年7月与2015年12月比较)的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月与2015年7月相比的年通胀率为-0.2%。
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 is-0. 2 %.
年初(2016年7月与2015年12月比较)以来的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月与2015年7月相比的年通胀率为-0.2%。
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 3 %.
年初(与2015年12月相比,2016年7月的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月的通胀率与2015年7月的通胀率相比为-0.3%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 1 %.
年初(2016年7月与2015年12月比较)的通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月与2015年7月相比的年通胀率为-0.1%。
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % while the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
年初(2016年7月与2015年12月比较)以来的通胀率为-0.2%,而2016年7月与2015年7月相比的年通胀率为-0.2%。
Annual inflation rate since the beginning of the year ( July 2016 compared to December 2015 ) has been-0. 2 % and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was-0. 2 %.
自年初(2016年7月与2015年12月比较)以来,年通胀率为-0.2%,2016年7月与2015年7月相比,年通胀率为-0.2%。
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年7月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格出现了增长:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In June 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年6月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格出现了增长:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In October 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年10月,与上月相比,观察到以下各类消费品价格上涨:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ); 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In May 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年5月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格出现了增长:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In September 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年9月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格出现了增长:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
In November 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods : food and non-alcoholic beverages ( 1. 7 % ) ; transport ( 1. 8 % ) ; recreation and culture ( 6. 3 % ) ; restaurants and hotels ( 1. 2 % ) ; miscellaneous goods and services ( 0. 3 % ).
2016年11月,与上月相比,消费品类的价格出现了增长:食品和非酒精饮料 ( 1.7% ) ; 运输 ( 1.8% ); 娱乐和文化 ( 6.3% ); 餐馆和酒店 ( 1.2% ); 杂货和服务 ( 0.3% ).
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 卫生 ( 1% ).
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear ( 1. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 1.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 卫生 ( 1% ).
Prices decreased in clothes and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
衣服和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 健康 ( 1% ).
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 1. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 1. 5% ) ; 健康 ( 0.1% ).
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 3 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 0. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.3% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 卫生 ( 1% ).
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear ( 2. 2 % ) ; furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance ( 0. 5 % ) ; health ( 1. 1 % ).
服装和鞋类的价格下降 ( 2.2% ); 家具 、 家用设备和日常维护 ( 0.5% ) ; 卫生 ( 1.1% ).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices remained at the same level as during the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices remained at the same levels as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gas and other services ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、天然气和其他服务、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco ; housing, water, electricity, gasoline and other fuels ; communications ; and education.
酒精饮料和烟草、住房、水、电力、汽油和其他燃料、通信和教育的价格与上月持平。
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as Asian Caricature
斯纳卡特“动漫”效应被评为亚洲漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticised as Asian Caricature
斯纳卡特“动漫”效应被批评为亚洲漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as A Caricature
Snapchat“动漫”效应被批评为漫画
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized for Asian Caricature
亚洲漫画中“动画”效应的评析
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized in Asian Caricature
亚洲漫画中批评的“动画”效应
Snapchat " Anime " Effect Is Criticized as a Caricature
Snapchat“动漫”效应被批评为漫画
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter was inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这个过滤器是受动漫的激励,但是一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, though some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,尽管一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, although some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,尽管一些观察家说它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat claims this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat声称,这种过滤器是受动漫的激励,但一些观察家说,它缺乏种族意识。
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, while some observers say it's racially insensitive.
Snapchat说,这种过滤器受动漫的激励,而一些观察家则认为它缺乏种族意识。
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
Through its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
通过它的镜头工具,Snapchat允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With the lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
使用镜头工具,Snapchat允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
Using its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat利用其镜头工具,允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With this lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
借助这个镜头工具,Snapchat允许约1.5亿每日用户改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式使用身份。
With its lens tool, Snapchat enables some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
Snapchat凭借其镜头工具,使每天约有1.5亿用户能够改变现实,并以与荒谬相邻的方式利用身份。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦绘画的人物。
You could turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦绘画的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein cartoon.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个适合罗伊·利奇腾斯坦卡通的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein creation.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,狗或者一个适合罗伊·莱克丁斯坦创作的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a bird or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,鸟儿或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦绘画的人物。
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a tree or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
你可以把自己变成一个菠萝,一棵树或者一个适合罗伊·利克坦斯坦绘画的人物。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies per day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies each day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 100 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过1亿增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools which generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万个增强自我。
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies every day.
镜头钝,特征缠绕工具,每天产生超过3000万增强自我。
Any missteps quickly enter the public record.
任何错误都会迅速载入公开记录。
His missteps quickly enter the public record.
他的错误很快进入了公众记录.
These missteps quickly enter the public record.
这些错误很快进入了公众的记录。
The missteps quickly enter the public record.
错误的一步很快地进入了公开的记录。
Any misstep will quickly enter the public record.
任何错误都会迅速载入公开记录。
Any missteps will enter the public record.
任何错误都会载入公开记录。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到人们的批评,他们指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,将之作为一种美的理念。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app is promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到批评,指责说,该应用程序正在宣传黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,以此作为美的理想。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an image of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到批评,指责说,该应用程序是宣传黑脸或鼓励白色皮肤的音调,作为美的形象。
Snapchat lenses have attracted criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到人们的批评,他们指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,将之作为一种美的理念。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an expression of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾受到批评,指责说,该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色皮肤声调,以此表达美貌。
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with allegations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
过去,Snapchat镜头曾引起人们的批评,称该应用程序宣扬黑脸或鼓励白色的肌肤音调,以此作为美的理想。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此,当本周它把镜头投向一些用户,让他们眼睛斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
And when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
本周,当它把镜头投向一些用户,让他们眼睛斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics labeled it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此当本周它把镜头投向一些用户时,一些评论家把它贴上亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色的脸庞”,让用户眼睛倾斜,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them smoky eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此当本周它把镜头投向一些用户时,他们的眼睛烟熏人目,牙齿变形,脸颊肿胀,一些评论家称之为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄脸”。
But when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
但是当本周它把镜头投向一些用户,给他们倾斜的眼睛,扭曲的牙齿和肿胀的脸颊,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffed cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people-" yellowface. "
因此当本周将镜头投向一些用户时,一些评论家称它为亚洲人的种族主义漫画——“黄色脸蛋”。
And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们想知道,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化。
And they wondered if the repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
他们想知道,反复的争论是否表明公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化的问题。
But they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
但他们怀疑,这些反复的争论是否指向了公司具有多样性的更大的问题。
Then they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
然后,他们想,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化。
Now they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
现在,他们想,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化。
And I wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
我想知道,这些反复的争论是否表明,公司存在一个更大的问题,即多样化。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤怒声响了,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)发布了报道。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a week after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,在斯内卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一周后,新闻和愤慨情绪大行其道,《erge》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)的报导也大行其道。
The story and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,在斯内普卡特说已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)的报道大肆宣传了这个故事。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said they had dismantled the feature.
在斯内普卡特说他们已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,周三,新闻和愤怒声响了起来,《大动画》(The Verge)和《大动画板》(Mionalboard)的报道响了起来。
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat announced it had dismantled the feature.
周三,在斯内普卡特宣布撤除这个功能的第二天,新闻和愤怒声响了,《王尔热》(The Verge)和《母板》(Mionalboard)发布了报道。
The news and the outrage spread wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
周三,新闻和愤慨情绪大行其道,在斯内普卡特称已经拆除了这个功能的一天后,《erge》和《母板》(Mionalboard)发布了报道。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The company offered an explanation : The lens is meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头的意思是对动漫人物的敬仰,而不是对亚洲人的漫画。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was meant as tribute to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头的意思是赞美动漫人物,而不是亚洲人的漫画。
The designer offered an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
设计师给出了一个解释:镜头是作为对动漫人物的敬意,而不是作为亚洲人的漫画。
The company gave an explanation : The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了解释:镜头意在对动漫人物表示敬意,而不是对亚洲人的漫画。
The company offered an explanation : The lens was intended as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
公司给出了一个解释:镜头意在对动漫人物表示敬意,而不是对亚洲人的漫画。
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
但对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
And for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
对于经历过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
Even for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
即使是经历过种族歧视的观察者,镜头也让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
As for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
至于曾遭受过种族歧视的观察者,镜头让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
Especially for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
特别是对于经历过种族歧视的观察者,镜头让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
But for observers who have witnessed racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
但对于目睹过种族歧视的观察者来说,镜头让他们想起了行动中的伤害性的陈规定型观念。
Others roundly rejected the anime comparison.
其他人则全盘否定了对动画的比较.
Others pointedly rejected the anime comparison.
其他 人 则 断然 拒绝 了 动画 比较 。
Others roundly dismissed the anime comparison.
其他人则对动画比较置之不理.
Others expressly rejected the anime comparison.
其他 人 则 明确 拒绝 比较 动画 。
Critics roundly rejected the anime comparison.
评论家全盘否定了动画比较.
Others vocally rejected the anime comparison.
其他人则断然拒绝对动画的比较.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In her email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在她的电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In another email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在另一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格雷斯·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, claimed that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格雷斯·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)声称镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, wrote that the lens was " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼写道,照片上的推特被广为人知,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens is " hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least. "
在一封电子邮件中,韩国裔美国艺术学生格蕾丝·斯帕帕尼(GraceSparapani)说,镜头“伤痕累累,说得最不自在”。
She added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器的效果进行对比。
She said that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她说,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器效应的对比并驾齐驱。”
He added that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
他补充道,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器效应的对比并驾齐驱。”
She concluded that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她总结道,“很难与亚洲粗漫画和滤波器效应的对比并驾齐驱。
She wrote that " it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她写道,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器的效果进行对比。
She added that " it's difficult to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
她补充说,“很难与非常粗糙的亚洲漫画和滤波器效应的对比并驾齐驱。”
It shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,滤波器不仅仅是黄脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
This shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
这表明滤波器不仅仅是黄色的脸,而是黄色的脸被带入到其侮辱性的极端。
It shows that the filter isn't just blueface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
这表明滤镜不仅仅是蓝色的,而是黄色的,它具有极强的贬义性。
It shows that the filter isn't just greenface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
这表明滤镜不仅仅是绿脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
It shows that the filter isn't just redface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,滤波器不仅仅是红脸,而是黄脸,具有极强的贬义性。
It shows that the filter isn't simply yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
结果表明,滤波器不单纯是黄色的脸,而是黄色的脸,具有极强的贬义性。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并非是跨越这些文化线的唯一公司。
Snapchat was not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并不是唯一一个跨越这些文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural backwires.
Snapchat并不是唯一一个跨越这些文化后线的公司。
Snapchat is not the first company to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并不是第一个跨越这些文化线的公司。
Snapchat is not the only platform to cross these cultural tripwires.
Snapchat并不是跨越这些文化线的唯一平台。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural webwires.
Snapchat并非唯一能够跨越这些文化网络的公司。
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American society seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国社会似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American culture seems involved in an endless battle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行一场无休止的斗争。
Our culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,我们的文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
Every culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞,从我们手中拥有的装置,每一种文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
American culture seems engaged in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
从公司董事会到好莱坞以及我们手中的装置,美国文化似乎都在为多样化和包容进行无休止的斗争。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-could mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
But Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
但是,史纳普卡特的众多年轻人群——他们的种族多样性要强于年长者——可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are less racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
斯纳普卡特(Snapchat)众多的年轻一代(他们的种族多样性比他们年长的同龄人要小)的受众,可能意味着他们更希望敏感。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-would mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
斯普卡特(Snapchat)大量青春人群——他们比年长者更具种族多样性——将意味着他们更可能期望敏感度。
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people-who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts-might mean that they are far more likely to expect sensitivity.
Snapchat的广大听众中,年轻一代比年长者具有更大的种族多样性,这意味着他们期望敏感度的可能性要大得多。
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,当斯纳卡特(Snapchat)的镜头塑造出一个侮辱用户的画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西变得被忽视,要难得多。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 18-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
18岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四接受采访时表示,当Snapchat的镜头给用户制造了一种侮辱性画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被人们忽视的难度要大得多。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 19-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
周四,19岁的朱凯蒂在接受采访时说,当一个Snapchat的镜头制造出一个侮辱用户的画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被人们忽视的难度要大得多。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu stated in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
25岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四在接受采访时表示,当斯纳卡特(Snapchat)的镜头塑造出一个侮辱用户的画面时,“像以前一样,让这类事情变得被忽视了,要难得多。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 17-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
17岁的朱凯蒂在周四接受采访时说,当Snapchat的镜头塑造出一个侮辱用户的形象时,“像以前一样,让这类事情变得被忽视就更加困难了。”
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 16-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, " it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before. "
16岁的朱凯蒂(Katie Zhu)周四接受采访时表示,当Snapchat的镜头给用户制造了一种侮辱性画面时,“像以前一样,让这类东西被忽视就更加困难了。”
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Friday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周五,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Tuesday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周二,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Wednesday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周三,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Monday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周一,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除她的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete their Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
周四,为Medic公司工作的产品经理兼工程师朱女士决定删除他们的Snapchat账户,并鼓励其他人也这样做。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇关于Medorage的文章和一次电话采访中,她说她认为,与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
In her essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在她的文章《媒体》和电话采访中,她说她认为,与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特雇佣做法缺乏多样性。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she stated she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在为Medorage编写的一篇文章和电话采访中,她表示,她认为与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳普恰特雇佣做法缺乏多样性。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she felt that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇关于Medorage的文章和一次电话采访中,她说,她觉得与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she thought that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇关于Medorage的文章和一次电话采访中,她说,她认为与种族有关的争议反映了斯纳卡特公司雇用员工的做法缺乏多样性。
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-based controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
在一篇关于Medorage的文章和一次电话采访中,她表示,她认为基于种族的争议反映了斯纳卡特雇佣做法缺乏多样性。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's largely white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
Dr. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱博士批评了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's predominantly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司以男性为主的白人领导层,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-female leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士批评了公司大部分是白人,全是女性的领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
Ms. Zhu praised the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag : # DeleteSnapchat.
朱女士称赞了公司大部分是男性的白人领导,并用“ # 删除”这个词来结束她的文章。
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在职员身上没有不同的有色人种代表,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们确实有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color that are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在员工身上没有不同的有色人种,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定,要么是他们有一些有色人种,在那里工作,但是他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff at the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在他们能够做出这样的决定的时候,他们的员工中就不存在不同的有色人种,要么是他们有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但是他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, stated, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在员工中,没有不同的有色人种,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定,要么是他们有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, " or they still have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在职员身上没有不同的有色人种代表,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们还有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们并不在他们觉得安全或乐意说话的位置上。”
" It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this, " Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, says, " or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up. "
朱基说,“要么是在员工中,没有不同的有色人种代表,以至于他们能够做出这样的决定。”要么是他们有一些有色人种的人在那里工作,但他们在他们觉得安全或可以说话的位置上并不合适。”
Other observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他观察家也同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Other commentators share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他评论家也同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Several observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
几位观察家同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Many observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
许多观察家都同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Other critics share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
其他评论家也赞同她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
Some observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
一些观察家同意她的观点, Snapchat基本上没有得到回应的抱怨.
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its nature as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数据,并指出其作为一家私营公司的性质。
The company does not release figures about diversity on the staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布员工的多样性数据,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, reflecting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数字,以反映其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release figures for diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工的多样性数字,并注意到其作为一家私营公司的地位。
The company does not release statistics about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
该公司没有公布其员工多样性的统计数据,并指出其作为一家私营公司的地位。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, though according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
上周四,Snapachat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,不过根据一位发言人的说法,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of their staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司最近聘请了一位招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并关注内部的包容工作。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company had hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司已聘请了一名招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并负责内部的包容工作。
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company has hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
周四,Snapchat拒绝讨论员工的种族背景,但据一位发言人称,该公司已聘请了一名招聘人员,专门处理员工人数不足的问题,并负责内部的包容工作。
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, stating, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat帐户,她说:“我不知道他们真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they really need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会继续关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she will keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们是否真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they just need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们是不是需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
For her part, Ms. Zhu stated she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, " I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O. K. "
朱女士说,她会关闭她的Snapchat账户,并补充道:“我不知道他们是否真的需要更多像我们这样的用户来表示这不是OK。”
Military Officials Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
军事官员歪曲了ISIS的情报,国会小组说
Government Officials Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
国会小组说,政府官员歪曲了ISIS的情报
American Officials Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
美国国会小组说,美国官员歪曲了ISIS的情报
Military Intelligences Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
军事情报部门扭曲了ISIS情报部门,国会小组说
Military Missions Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
国会小组说,军事特派团扭曲了ISIS的情报
Military Officials Distorted NIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
军方官员歪曲NIS的情报,国会小组说
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a Congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report released Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report published Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发表的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地发生的事件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than conditions on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地条件更为乐观。
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than circumstances on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
美国中央司令部官员在周四发布的一份报告中称,美国中央司令部官员修改了情报报告,以显示在伊拉克和叙利亚对伊斯兰国发动战争的情况比当地情况更为乐观。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的特别工作组的中期报告发现,中央司令部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found " widespread dissatisfaction " from Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的特别工作组的中期报告发现,中央司令部情报分析师“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, reported " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院武装服务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个特别工作组的中期报告显示,中央指挥部情报分析师对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力表示“普遍不满”。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, noted " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的一个工作队的临时报告指出,中央司令部情报分析员“普遍不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, cited " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的特别工作组的中期报告,援引了中央指挥部情报分析师“普遍不满”的说法,这些分析师说,上司正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, revealed " widespread dissatisfaction " among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
这份由众议院军事事务委员会、情报委员会和国防拨款小组委员会共和党主席组成的特别工作组的中期报告揭示了中央指挥部情报分析师“普遍的不满”,他们表示,上级正在修改他们对美国击败伊斯兰国的努力的评估。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央指挥部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Miami, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央指挥部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州迈阿密的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees US military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央指挥部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕(Tampa)的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Southern Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
南部司令部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕(Tampa)的军事总部,负责监管美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that coordinates American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央司令部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责协调美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that directs American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
中央司令部(Centcom)是位于佛罗里达州坦帕的军事总部,负责指挥美国在中东和中亚的军事行动。
" Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
一份有关报道的新闻稿说:“Centcom高级领导人批准的情报产品通常比当地事实更正面地描述美国的反恐努力,而且始终比情报部门其他部门的分析更积极。”
" Analysis products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
一份有关报道的新闻稿说:“Centcom高级领导人批准的分析产品对美国反恐努力的描述通常比当地事实所证明的更为积极,而且始终比情报部门其他部门的分析更为积极。”
" The products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
报道说,Centcom高级领导人批准的产品对美国反恐努力的描述通常比当地事实所证明的更积极,而且始终比情报部门其他部门的分析更积极。
" Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground but were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
报道报道说,“Centcom高级领导人批准的情报产品对美国反恐努力的描述通常比当地事实所证明的更为积极,但始终比情报部门其他部门的分析更为积极。”
" Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically offered a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
Centcom高级领导人核准的情报产品通常比当地事实更正面地描述美国的反恐努力,而且始终比情报界其他人员的分析更积极。
" Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U. S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted from facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community, " a news release about the report said.
一份有关报道的新闻稿说:“Centcom高级领导人批准的情报产品通常比当地事实所证明的对美国反恐努力的描述更积极,而且始终比情报界其他部门的分析更积极。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的作战人员会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom was unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的作战人员在向高级决策者提供糟糕分析时会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Congressman Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的作战人员会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-the war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“在Centcom发生的事情是不可接受的,在向高级决策者提供糟糕分析时,战争战士会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Senator Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
加利福尼亚州共和党参议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,因为当向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时,我们的作战人员会遭受损失。”
" What happened at Centcom is unacceptable-our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers, " said Representative Ken Calvert, Democrat of California.
加利福尼亚州的民主党议员肯·卡尔弗特说:“在Centcom发生的事情让人无法接受,我们的作战人员在向高级决策者提供糟糕的分析时会遭受损失。”
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的领导失误影响到了该组织的最高层。
The technical failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的技术故障到达了组织的顶层.
The major failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
Centcom公司的主要故障影响到了该组织的顶层.
The software failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的软件故障到达了组织的顶层.
The leadership failures in Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的领导失误影响到了该组织的最高层。
The leadership failures at Centcom reached to the very top of the organization.
Centcom的领导失误影响到了该组织的最高层。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细介绍了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems during 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细说明了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi troops.
这份10页的报告详细说明了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems throughout 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细说明了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 with Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告详细说明了2014年和2015年持续存在的问题,中央指挥部对美国训练伊拉克部队的努力进行了描述和分析。
The 10-page report highlighted persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
这份10页的报告着重指出了2014年和2015年美国训练伊拉克部队的努力在中央指挥部的描述和分析中持续存在的问题。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁表示更加乐观的看法。
While it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们感觉他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
Though it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们感觉他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(也称为ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, otherwise known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(又称ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁表示更加乐观的看法。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, better known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们感觉他们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,要他们更乐观地看待伊斯兰国(通称ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁。
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, commonly known as ISIS or ISIL.
虽然它没有提供奥巴马政府高级官员下令修改报告的确切证据,但它描述分析师们似乎受到Centcom领导人的压力,对伊斯兰国(俗称ISIS或伊黎伊斯兰国)构成的威胁持更加乐观的看法。
" Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
" During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更为积极。
" In the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更为积极。
" Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies appeared significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在整个2015年上半年,许多中央司令部的新闻稿、声明和国会证词似乎比实际事件更为积极。
" Throughout the latter half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,2015年下半年,中央司令部的许多新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更加积极。
" Throughout the first half of 2015, many Southern Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events, " the report said.
报告说,在整个2015年上半年,南方司令部的许多新闻稿、声明和国会证词都比实际事件更为积极。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击最早可能从2015年4月或5月开始。
For instance, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击可能最早从2015年4月或5月开始。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul would begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,要收回摩苏尔的大规模军事攻击最早将从2015年4月或5月开始。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul might begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击可能早在2015年4月或5月就开始了。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul may begin as early as April or May 2015.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击可能早在2015年4月或5月就开始了。
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2014.
例如,Centcom的一名官员公开表示,收回摩苏尔的重大军事攻击最早可能始于2014年4月或5月。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,仍然在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's third-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
伊拉克第三大城市摩苏尔仍由伊斯兰国控制。
Mosul, Iraq's fourth-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第四大城市,仍然在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, was under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, came under the control of the Islamic State.
摩苏尔,伊拉克第二大城市,在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
" After months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点非常清楚。”
" After months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Congressman Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党议员麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点非常清楚。”
" After months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Senator Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党参议员麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点非常清楚。”
" After months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Democrat of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的民主党议员麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
" After years of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
堪萨斯州的共和党代表麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过多年的调查,这一点已经非常清楚了。”
" After months of investigation, this much is very clear, " Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Ohio, said in a statement.
俄亥俄州共和党议员麦克·庞贝奥在一份声明中说:“经过数月的调查,这一点非常清楚。”
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 through the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 until the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2013 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2013年中期到2015年中期,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2016, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2016年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报领导人操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence officials manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
从2014年年中到2015年年中,美国中央指挥部最高级的情报官员操纵指挥部的情报产品,轻描淡写伊拉克伊斯兰国在伊拉克的威胁。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans disbanded the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后解散了该工作队。
Republicans criticized the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后批评了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that information about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的信息被操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence regarding the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党人在得知分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报受到操纵后成立了该工作队。
Republicans created the task force after discovering that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
共和党在发现分析师担心有关伊斯兰国的情报被操纵后成立了该工作队。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四公布的调查报告将会有更深入的发现。
A report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随着调查的继续进行,本周四发布的一份报告将会得到更为广泛的调查结论。
The findings released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,周四公布的调查结论将会得到更为广泛的调查结论的跟进。
The information released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随着调查的继续进行,周四公布的信息将会得到更广泛的调查结论。
The data released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随着调查的继续进行,周四公布的数据还将得到更广泛的调查结论。
The report released Thursday is to be followed up with more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
随著调查的继续进行,本周四公布的调查报告将会有更深入的发现。
There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
There was an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部督察长又对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
There is an additional, ongoing investigation into Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步、持续的调查。
There is an independent, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监对Centcom的情报进行了独立、持续的调查。
There is an internal, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监正在对Centcom的情报进行内部调查。
There is an additional, independent investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
国防部总监还对Centcom的情报进行了进一步的独立调查。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee issued their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四发布了他们自己的调查结果,同意共和党特别工作组的一些结论。
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee announced their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的民主党成员周四宣布了他们自己的调查结果,他们同意共和党专责小组的一些结论。
Three members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的三位成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Two members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的两位成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
Other members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
众议院情报委员会(House Intelligence Committee)的其他成员周四公布了他们自己的调查结果。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过于孤立的进程。
" During 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
”在2014年和2015年,Centcom创建了一个过于孤立的程序,用于对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估,委员会首席民主党代表亚当·希夫(Adam B. Schiff)在一份声明中表示。
" Throughout 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说:“在整个2014年和2015年,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过于孤立的进程。
" In 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
2014年和2015年,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过于孤立的程序。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative David B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员大卫·希夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom为对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估创造了一个过于孤立的进程。
" Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insulated process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces, " Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
委员会首席民主党议员亚当·施吉夫在一份声明中说,在2014年至2015年期间,Centcom创建了一个对伊黎伊斯兰国和伊拉克安全部队进行情报评估的绝缘过程。
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,伤害了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " inadequately accommodated dissenting views. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting opinions. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分顾及反对意见。”
The process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
施密夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,破坏了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff said, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting opinion. "
施夫说,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,伤害了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
This process, Mr. Schiff argued, " stalled the release of intelligence products, " hurt morale among analysts and " insufficiently accommodated dissenting views. "
希夫认为,这一过程“阻碍了情报产品的发放,伤害了分析师的士气,也未能充分包容异议。”
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Ms. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Dr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫博士和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House attempted to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但是希夫和民主党人说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Sen. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但希夫和民主党人表示,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
But Rep. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a " preset or political narrative. "
但希夫议员和民主党议员说,他们没有发现任何证据表明白宫试图强迫Centcom分析师将他们的结论与“预设的”或“政治叙事”相适应。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The final results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的最后结果。
The initial results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的初步结果。
The full results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的全部结果。
The official results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
《每日兽报》星期二报道了国会调查的官方结果。
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by the Daily Beast.
周二,英国《每日兽报》报道了国会调查的初步结果。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last month, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
上个月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints from Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last August, the New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,纽约时报报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
In August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
8月份,纽约时报报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened following complaints by Centcom analysts.
去年8月,《纽约时报》报道,在Centcom分析师提出投诉后,五角大楼检查员展开全面调查。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report as the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,由于检查长继续进行调查,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesperson, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, stated in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人Patrick Evans中校在一份声明中表示,在总检察长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Comdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
五角大楼发言人Patrick Evans中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continues.
五角大楼发言人帕特里克·埃文斯中校在一份声明中说,在检查长继续进行调查期间,国防部不会对国会的报告发表评论。
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康的对话。”
But she said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但是她说,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行有益的对话。”
But it said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但它说,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康的对话。”
But he said that " analysts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“分析师有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康对话。”
But he said that " experts often disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们在复杂数据的解释上常常意见不一,情报界和国防部欢迎就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康的对话。”
But he said that " experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense encourage healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics. "
但他表示,“专家们有时对复杂数据的解释意见不一,而情报界和国防部则鼓励就这些至关重要的国家安全议题进行健康的对话。”
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the US-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
This investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国在伊拉克和叙利亚发起的爆炸行动是否成功的问题之外,这次调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria was succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an argument now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国领导的在伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸战役是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在提出了这一论点)。
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign against Iraq and Syria is succeeding ( an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials ).
除了美国主导的对伊拉克和叙利亚的轰炸行动是否成功的问题之外,调查还产生了影响(越来越多的国防官员现在断言了这一点)。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但去年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
But this year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但今年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
Yet last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
然而,去年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely upon Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但去年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama can rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但去年的言论让人质疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区对军事行动的诚实评估在多大程度上可以依靠中央指挥部。
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama should rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
但去年的言论让人怀疑奥巴马总统在伊拉克、阿富汗、利比亚和其他危机地区的军事行动中应该依靠中央指挥部来进行什么诚实的评估。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什的内阁对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq but spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什的内阁对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,但对2003年入侵后将发生什么问题却不怎么思考。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, published a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克(Gregory Hooker)发表了一篇研究论文,称乔治·W·布什总统的行政当局对许多分析师的"反对"表示反对,主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花多少时间来思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, John Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师约翰·胡克写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什的内阁对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper stating that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom的情报分析师Gregory Hooker写了一份研究论文,指出乔治·W·布什总统的行政当局对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,很少考虑2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when the Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts " objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
对伊斯兰国家情报的批评反映了十多年前的争议,当时,Centcom情报分析师格雷戈里·胡克写了一份研究论文,称乔治·W·布什的执政当局对许多分析师"持反对意见",主张在伊拉克派驻一支小型部队,几乎没有花时间思考2003年入侵之后将发生什么。
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色。
Mr. Hooker also played a significant part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克 先生 在 伊斯兰 国家 情报 的 叛乱 中 也 发挥 了 重要 的 作用 。
Mr. Hooker also played a prominent part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克 先生 在 伊斯兰 国家 情报 的 叛乱 中 也 发挥 了 突出 的 作用 。
Mr. Hooker also played a large part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克先生在伊斯兰国家情报的叛乱中也扮演了重要角色。
Mr. Hooker has played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克先生在伊斯兰国情报暴动中起了关键作用.
Dr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
胡克博士在伊斯兰国家情报暴动中也扮演了关键角色.
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-controlled refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
去年,官员们说,胡克的团队最后说,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并没有显著削弱恐怖组织的资金,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-operated refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国运营的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-run refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国营炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-owned refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国有炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织已经建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had constructed makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
官员说,胡克的团队在去年得出的结论是,尽管公开声明相反,对伊斯兰国家控制的炼油厂的空袭并未显著削弱恐怖组织的财务状况,因为该组织建造了临时炼油厂,在黑市上销售石油。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但《纽约时报》9月报道说,这一发现并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
But this finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
但据《纽约时报》9月报道,这一发现并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in October.
但据《纽约时报》10月报道,该发现并未在中央指挥部外分发。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in August.
但《纽约时报》8月份报道说,这一发现并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
However the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
不过,《纽约时报》9月报道说,调查结果并未在中央指挥部外分发。
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in November.
但《纽约时报》11月报道说,这一发现并未在中央指挥部以外分发。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Centcom的指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀三世(General. Lloyd J. Austin III)遭到批评。
Ceramcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
Ceramcom的指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀三世(Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III)去年遭到批评,此前,许多议员认为参议院的证词对战争的评价过于正面。
Celcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Celcom的指挥官Lloyd J. Austin III将军遭到批评,因为许多议员认为参议员的证词对战争的评价过于正面。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony seen by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Centcom的指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀三世(General. Lloyd J. Austin III)遭到批评。
Cerocom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Cerocom的指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀三世(General. Lloyd J. Austin III)遭到批评。
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin II, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
去年,Centcom的指挥官劳埃德·奥斯汀二世(General. Lloyd J. Austin II)遭到批评。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·洛佩尔将军取代。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Fotel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·Fotel将军取代。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Zotel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·佐特尔将军取代。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Rotel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·罗特尔将军取代。
General Austin retired in April and was succeeded at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·L·尤克尔将军接替。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph M. Votel.
奥斯汀将军于4月退休,在中央指挥部被约瑟夫·沃克尔将军取代。
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
美国女子场第4名胜利曲棍球手,与英国决斗
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Men's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
美国男子拳击比赛第4场,与英国决战
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown with Britain
美国第4大赢家直击女子场曲棍球,与英国决战
U. S. Wins 4th Straight In Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
美国女子田径曲棍球队第4名决赛,与英国决战
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting up Showdown With Britain
英译汉1.美国队在女子场第4场比赛中直击女曲棍球,与英国队决战
U. S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Putting Up Showdown With Britain
英式女子田径曲棍球,与英国决一胜负
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一天,凯蒂·班在6比1战胜日本的比赛中得3分,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在3比0击败印度队后,取得了前两个进球。
One day after scoring three goals in a 5-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一天,凯蒂·班在5比1战胜日本的比赛中得3分,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在3比0击败印度队后,取得了前两个进球。
One day after scoring three goals in a 7-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
在7比1战胜日本的比赛中,凯蒂·班于本周四击败了3比0的印度队,成为美国女子曲棍球队的前两个进球。
One day after scoring three goals in a 4-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
在4比1战胜日本的比赛中,凯蒂·班于本周四击败了3比0的印度队,成为美国女子曲棍球队的前两个进球。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 2-0.
一天,凯蒂·班在6比1战胜日本的比赛中进了3球,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在2比0的比赛中击败了2比0的印度队。
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-2 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
一天,凯蒂·班在战胜日本的6-2场比赛中进了3球,周四,美国女子曲棍球队在3-0击败了印度队。
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Four goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的四个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Three goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛中的三个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Two goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛中有两个进球应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Five points in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五分应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
Five assists in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
两场比赛的五次助攻应该是一个令人难忘的壮举,但27岁的巴姆说,她不确定自己是否做过同样的事情。
" I have no clue, " she said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 她说.
" You have no clue, " she said.
“ 你一点线索都没有, ” 她说.
" I have no clue, " he said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 他说.
" I have no idea, " she said.
“ 我不知道, ” 她说.
" I have no clue, " I said.
“ 我一点线索都没有, ” 我说.
" I have no clue, " she admitted.
“ 我一点线索都没有, " 她承认.
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of their goals.
我并不是那种能跟踪他们目标的人。
I'm not really one of those people that keeps track of their goals.
我并不是那种能跟踪他们目标的人。
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of my goals.
我并不是那种跟踪我目标的人。
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of her goals.
我并不是那种跟踪她目标的人。
I'm not exactly one of those people who keeps track of their goals.
我并不是那种跟踪他们目标的人。
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of your goals.
我并不是那种会记录你目标的人。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是4比0,他们和英国队联手,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍没有败下阵来。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 5-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是5比0,他们和英国队联手夺冠,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍保持不败状态。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 3-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是3比0,他们和英国队联手,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍没有败下阵来。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 6-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运锦标赛中是6比0,在他们队中,美国队和英国队是第一,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍保持不败。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 3-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是4比0,他们与英国队联手夺冠,英国队在周四击败日本后仍保持不败状态。
Here is what she does know : The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in the group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
以下是她所知道的:美国队在奥运比赛中是4比0,他们与英国队联手夺冠,英国队在周四击败日本2比0后仍没有败下阵来。
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将在周六第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Canada and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
加拿大和美国将在周六第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last match of the first round.
英国和美国将在周六的第一轮决赛中决一胜负。
Britain and the United States will meet on Sunday in the last game of the first round.
英国和美国将在星期天的第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Japan and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
日本和美国将在周六第一轮的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the preliminary round.
英国和美国将在周六的首轮决赛的最后一场比赛中相聚。
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
Two teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
两支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二名。
Three teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
三支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二名。
Four teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
四支球队都有资格参加四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁在六队的排行榜上完成第一决赛,谁在第二决赛中完成第二决赛。
Six teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
六支球队已经有资格进入四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁先完成六队的排位,谁先完成第二组。
Five teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
5支球队已经有资格进入四分之一决赛,比赛将决定谁在六队的排行榜上完成第一决赛,谁在第二决赛中完成第二决赛。
The first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一决赛的完成者会避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The second-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第二位的决赛选手将避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The third-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
在四分之一决赛开始的时候,第三位的决赛选手将避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The fourth-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
在四分之一决赛开始的时候,第四位的决赛选手将避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a little longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一决赛的完成者会避开强大的荷兰人,也就是其他球队的领袖。
The first-place finishers will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
当四分之一决赛开始的时候,第一名的决赛选手将避免强大的荷兰人,即其他球队的领袖。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都在这里引起了轰动,他们令人惊讶地跑在这里,四年后,他们终于完成了12个球队的比赛。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, five years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都在这里引起了轰动,他们令人惊讶的跑步,五年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, three years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论周六的比赛结果如何,美国人都在这里引起了轰动,他们令人惊讶地跑在这里,三年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中通过了决赛。
However tomorrow's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论明天的比赛结果如何,美国人都以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步来引起轰动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
However tonight's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
不管今晚的比赛结果如何,美国人都以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步来引起轰动,而四年后,他们终于在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after placing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
无论星期六的比赛结果如何,美国人都以他们在这里的出人意料的跑步来引起轰动,四年后,他们在伦敦奥运会的12支球队中获胜。
Bam was on that team.
班参加了那支球队.
Norm was on that team.
诺姆在那支队伍里。
Bax was on that team.
巴克斯参加了那支球队。
Lem was on that team.
莱姆参加了那支队伍。
Kam was on that team.
卡姆参加了那支球队。
Slamm was on that team.
斯拉姆参加了那支球队。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 14, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔(Drexel)打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,14岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了迄今为止最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 13, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,13岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older brothers played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎哥哥在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sister played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,16岁就加入国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 ( her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel ) and joined the national team when she was 12, becoming its youngest player ever.
她在爸爸的蓝贝尔(BlueBell)长大,3岁时(她的双胞胎姐姐在德雷塞尔打球),她第一次捡起一支曲棍球棍,12岁的时候就加入了国家队,成为了足球队有史以来最年轻的球员。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
她在2008年奥运会上错过了,当时她没有为最终的入围名单做好准备。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics as she did not make the cut for the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有获得最终的入围名单。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics because she did not make the cut for the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有获得最终的入围名单。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut on the final roster.
她错过了2008年奥运会,因为她没有在最后的入围名单中脱颖而出。
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut to the final roster.
她在2008年奥运会上错过了机会,因为她没有获得最终的入围。
She missed out on the 2004 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
在2004年奥运会上,她没能完成决赛的决赛,因此错过了比赛。
Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的。
Then was 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的。
Then came 2012, when not much went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,当时她和她的队友们没有多少进展。
Then came 2012, when nothing really went right for her and her teammates.
接着是2012年,她和她的队友真的没什么可说的了。
Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her or her teammates.
接着是2012年,她和她的队友没什么好说的。
Then in 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
接着,在2012年,她和她的队友们没什么好说的了。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆(Craig Pannham)被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The following year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
第二年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things started to change.
明年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆(Craig Pannham)被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The next year, Craig Furnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国人克雷格·费纳姆(Craig Furnham)被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The next year, Craig Wernham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国人克雷格·温纳姆被提名为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was made the coach, and things began to change.
明年,英国人克雷格·帕纳姆(Craig Pannham)被选为主教练,事情开始发生变化。
" A cultural change, a mental change, a physical change, " Bam said.
“ 文化变迁, 心理变迁, 身体变迁, ” 巴姆说.
" A cultural change, a psychological change, a physical change, " Bam said.
“ 文化变迁, 心理变迁, 身体变迁, ” 巴姆说.
" A cultural change, a mental change, a physical change, " Bam explained.
“ 文化变迁, 心理变迁, 身体变迁, ” 巴姆解释说.
" A cultural change, a genetic change, a physical change, " Bam said.
“ 文化变迁, 基因变迁, 身体变迁, ” 巴姆说.
" A cultural change, a spiritual change, a physical change, " Bam said.
“ 文化变迁, 精神变迁, 身体变迁, ” 巴姆说.
" A cultural change, a social change, a physical change, " Bam said.
“ 文化变迁, 社会变迁, 物质变迁, ” 巴姆说.
We didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
我们在伦敦没有现在的工作时间.
We don't have the work rate in London that we have now.
我们没有现在伦敦的工钱率.
We won't have the work rate in London that we have now.
我们在伦敦的工作时间是现在的。
We didn't have the work rate before London that we have now.
我们在伦敦之前没有现在的工钱率.
They didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
他们在伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率.
I didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
我在伦敦没有我们现在的工薪率.
We've made a complete turnaround.
我们已彻底扭转了局面。
We've done a complete turnaround.
我们做了一个彻底的转变。
I've made a complete turnaround.
我已彻底扭转了局面。
You've made a complete turnaround.
你完全变了。
We've had a complete turnaround.
我们已完全好转了。
We've made a wonderful turnaround.
我们做了一个很棒的转变。
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周四晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
On Friday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周五晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
On Saturday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周六晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
On Monday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
周一晚上,巴姆在上半场的进球中投了反手球。
On opening night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
开场的晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
On that night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
那天晚上,巴姆在上半场打进一球。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,一直保持1比0的成绩,直到第三次比赛结束时,巴姆才夺冠。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 2-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得令人惊讶地强硬,在第三次比赛结束时一直保持2比0的成绩,直到巴姆上场。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the second period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,在第二赛季的晚些时候,巴姆接任主教练之前一直保持1比0的成绩。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the first period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,一直保持1比0的成绩,直到第一赛季末,班姆接任主教练。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 3-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,在第三个赛季的晚些时候,巴姆接任主教练之前一直保持3比0的成绩。
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until early in the third period, when Bam took charge.
印度队在比赛中没有获胜,但是这个球队表现得非常强硬,在第三个赛季初巴姆接任主教练之前一直保持1比0的成绩。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She took a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从球场的左侧往下长跑,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She had a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the right side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她和球在球场的右侧长跑,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She began a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
她开始长跑,球从场地的左侧向下,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,给美国人以2比0的领先。
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 3-0 lead.
她把球从场地的左侧向下跑了很长一段距离,然后蜷缩到中间,把球射进球门,让美国人以3比0领先。
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季的中途又加了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the third period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第三个赛季的中途加上了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the second period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第二个赛季的中途加上了最后一个进球.
Melissa Gonzalez scored the final goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四场比赛中打进了最后的进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the second goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四季的中途加进第二进球.
Melissa Gonzalez added the third goal midway through the fourth period.
Melissa Gonzalez在第四段的中途加进第三个进球.
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中每一场都允许他进一球。
This shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前三场比赛中都允许他进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament by the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
禁赛是美国守门员杰基布里格斯的第一次比赛,他允许在前三场比赛中的每一场都进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first four victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在前四场比赛中,每一次都允许他进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the last three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰克·布里格斯的第一次比赛,在最后三场比赛中,布里格斯都允许他进一球。
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of their first three victories.
这次闭门赛是美国守门员杰基·布里格斯的第一次比赛。 布里格斯在他们前三场比赛中,每场比赛都进了一球。
She is on a roll.
她正忙碌着.
She was on a roll.
她被弄得乱七八糟.
He is on a roll.
他正忙碌着.
So is Bam.
班也是如此。
So was Bam.
班也是。
So did Bam.
班也这么做了。
So does Bam.
班也这么做了。
This is Bam.
我是班。
It is Bam.
我是巴姆。
" We're in a good place right now, " Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the result of Saturday's game.
“我们现在是个好地方,”帕纳姆说,但是它有多好取决于周六比赛的结果。
" We're in a good place right now, " Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the results of Saturday's game.
“我们现在是个好地方,”帕纳姆说,但是它有多好,将取决于周六比赛的结果。
" You're in a good place right now, " Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the result of Saturday's game.
“你现在是个好地方,”帕纳姆说,但是它有多好取决于周六比赛的结果。
" We're in a good place right now, " Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the outcome of Saturday's game.
“我们现在是个好地方,”帕纳姆说,但是它有多好,将取决于周六比赛的结果。
" We're in a good place right now, " Wernham said, but just how good it is will depend on the result of Saturday's game.
“我们现在是个好地方,”温纳姆说,但是它有多好取决于周六比赛的结果。
" We're in a good place right now, " Parnham said, but just how good it is may depend on the result of Saturday's game.
“我们现在是个好地方,”帕纳姆说,但是它有多好可能要看周六比赛的结果。
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
萧条时期令人沮丧的食物, 在 “ 广场美食 ”
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in " The Square Meal "
萧条的压抑食品, 在 “ 广场餐 ”
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in " One Square Meal "
《萧条的压抑食品》, 《一广场餐》.
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Happy Meal "
萧条的忧郁食品, 写在 “ 欢乐餐 ”
The Depressing Days of the Depression, in " A Square Meal "
萧条的压抑日, 在 “ 广场美食 ”
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in " A Square Dial "
萧条的压抑食品, 在 “ 广场拨号 ”
In March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年3月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
In February 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年2月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
In April 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年4月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
In July 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年7月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
In September 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年9月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
In January 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
1933年1月,在上任主席后不久,富兰克林·德拉诺·罗斯福在椭圆形办公室坐下来吃午饭。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼,对五大道的美食颇有品味,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras or Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼,对五大道的美食颇有品味,如鹅肝粥或马里兰特拉宾汤。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods including pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼,对五号大道的美食颇有品味,包括鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue food like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼,对五大道的美食颇有品味,如鹅肝粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Madison Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼对麦迪逊大道的美食颇有鉴赏力,如咖啡粥和马里兰特拉宾汤。
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and French terrapin soup.
罗斯福总统的古德曼对五大道的美食颇有品味,如法式土豆汤和法式土豆汤。
His menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
他那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥中,还有甜点里,梅子布丁。
His menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs with tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
他那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋加上番茄酱,土豆泥,还有甜点,梅子布丁。
His menu that day was more humble : salted eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
他那天的菜单比较简陋:咸鸡蛋加番茄酱,土豆泥,还有甜点,梅子布丁。
His fare that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
他那天的饭菜比较平淡:鸡蛋里有番茄酱,土豆泥,还有甜点里还有梅子布丁。
The menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在番茄酱中,土豆泥中,还有甜点里,梅子布丁。
His menu that day was more humble : deviled eggs in Worcestershire sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
他那天的菜单比较简陋:鸡蛋在伍斯特郡的酱汁里,土豆泥里,还有甜点里,梅子布丁。
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" This was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说:“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people that were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说,“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Biegelman said.
简·比格尔曼说,“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
" It was an act of culinary reconciliation with the people who were suffering, " Jane Ziegelman said.
简·齐格尔曼说: “ 这 是 与 受苦受难 的 人 进行 美食 和解 的 行为 ” 。
" It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering, " Jane Riegelman said.
简·里格尔曼说,“这是对受苦受难者的一种烹饪式声援。”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " It was also a message to Americans on how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " There was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道, “ 还有一个信息告诉美国人如何吃. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, " This was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)补充道: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, said, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)说: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
Her husband, Andrew Coe, stated, " It was also a message to Americans about how to eat. "
她的丈夫安德鲁·科(AndrewCoe)说: “ 这也是对美国人关于饮食习惯的一个信息. ”
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地, 是食物历史学家.
The two, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
住在布鲁克林高地的两个人是食品历史学家。
The couple, who reside in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地, 是食物历史学家.
The sisters, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
住在布鲁克林高地的姐妹们是食物历史学家。
the couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
这对夫妇住在布鲁克林高地,是食物历史学家。
The brothers, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
兄弟们住在布鲁克林高地,是食物历史学家。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Asian cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国亚洲菜肴的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97个果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区住宅的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Biegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国中国菜肴的,而比格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区住宅的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Riegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏依》(Chop Suey)是关于美国中国菜肴的,而里格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区住宅的生活故事。
Mrs. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊夫人的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
Mr. Coe's last book, " Chop Suey, " was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman tells the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book " 97 Orchard. "
科伊先生的上一本书《肖普·苏伊》(Chop Suey)是关于美国华人美食的,而齐格尔曼女士则在她的书《97果园》(97)中通过食物讲述了下东区贫民区的生活故事。
Their new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀周二将发表他们的新的合作作品《一广场美食》(Aquare Meal),这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
Their new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food during the Great Depression.
哈珀周二将发表他们的新的合作作品《一广场餐》,这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
His new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀将于本周二发表他的新合作作品《一广场美食》(Aquare Meal),这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
Their second, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀周二将发表他们的第二份合作著作《一广场餐》,这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
Their next, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀将于周二发表他们的下一个合作作品《一广场餐》,这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
A new, collaborative work, " A Square Meal, " which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
哈珀周二将发表一项新的合作性著作——《一广场餐》,这是美国大萧条时期的食品史。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich 商店)遇到了一位记者。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Heisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在海森堡(Heisenberg)的三明治店(Sandwich Shop)遇到了一位记者。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district which has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich 商店)遇到了一位记者。
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner in Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们展示了自己一些美食的团结精神,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Sandwich Shop)遇到了一位记者。
Needing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们需要自己的厨师支持,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop)遇到了一位记者。
Wanting some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
他们想要自己的美食,在艾森堡的桑威奇商店(Eisenberg's Sandwich 商店)遇到了一位记者。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,57岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Mrs. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的齐格尔曼夫人点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,57岁的科伊先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 53, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
53岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而57岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a Swiss cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份瑞士奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而57岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cottage cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的Ziegelman女士点了一份别墅奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而57岁的Coe先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
Mr. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
现年54岁的齐格尔曼先生点了一份奶油奶酪和切碎的橄榄三明治,而57岁的科伊先生则点了火鸡、土豆泥和蔬菜杂烩。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When the reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
After a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
在一位记者订购了肉卷后,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple felt it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇觉得这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple thought it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it appropriate for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
当一位记者订购肉卷时,这对夫妇认为这适合讨论抑郁症时期的饮食。
" Loaves were very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 面包很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Heaves were very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 牛排很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Faves were very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 法夫斯很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Waves were very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 波斯很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Eaves were very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 食谱很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
" Weaves were very popular, " Ms. Ziegelman said.
“ 织布很受欢迎, ” 齐格尔曼说.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, bean loaf.
有花生面包 、 肝面包 、 豆面包.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, potato loaf.
里面有花生面包 、 肝脏面包 、 土豆面包.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, meat loaf.
有花生面包 、 肝面包 、 肉面包.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, egg loaf.
有花生面包 、 肝面包 、 蛋面包.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, cheese loaf.
有花生面包 、 肝面包 、 奶酪面包.
There was peanut loaf, meat loaf, bean loaf.
有花生面包 、 肉面包 、 豆面包.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能拉伸原料的廉价材料制成的.
These were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
这些是用原料和廉价的东西制成的,可以拉伸原料.
They are made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能拉伸原料的廉价材料制成的.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches that ingredient out.
它们是由一种原料和一种能拉伸这种原料的廉价材料制成的.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing which stretches the ingredient out.
它们由原料和廉价的东西制成,使原料膨胀出来.
They were made from an ingredient or a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
它们是由原料制成的,或是由能拉伸原料的廉价材料制成的.
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
想象一下,吃足够的花生来做你的晚餐.
Imagine having enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
想象一下,有足够的花生来做你的晚餐。
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your breakfast.
想象一下,吃足够的花生可以作为你的早餐。
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your lunch.
想象一下,吃足够的花生可以作为你的午餐.
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your meal.
想象一下,吃足够的花生来作为你的饭.
Try eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
试着吃足够的花生作为你的晚餐.
Mr. Coe grimaced.
科伊先生脸色苍白。
Dr. Coe grimaced.
科医生脸色变硬了。
Mr. Coe smiled.
科伊微笑着。
Mrs. Coe grimaced.
科伊太太脸色煞白.
Ms. Coe grimaced.
科伊女士脸色苍白。
Mr. Coe nodded.
科先生点头。
" It must have sat in your stomach like lead, " he said.
“ 它肯定是像铅一样坐在你的胃里. ” 他说.
" I must have sat in your stomach like lead, " he said.
“ 我一定象铅一样坐在你的胃里. ” 他说.
" It must have sat in my stomach like lead, " he said.
“ 它一定是像铅一样坐在我的胃里. ” 他说.
" It must have sat in her stomach like lead, " he said.
“ 它一定是像铅一样坐在她的腹部. ” 他说.
" It must have sat in his stomach like lead, " he said.
“ 它一定是像铅一样坐在他的胃里. ” 他说.
" It must have stuck in your stomach like lead, " he said.
“ 它一定像铅一样卡在你的胃里, " 他说.
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
During the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the years before the Depression, the American table, particularly in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, became an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,特别是在农村地区,成了全能自助餐。
In the decades before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的数十年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,是全能自助餐。
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, resembled an all-you-can-eat buffet.
在大萧条之前的几年里,美国餐桌,尤其是在农村地区,就像是一个全能自助餐。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐时,都供应给一群妇女,她们为男性农场工人烹饪,并吃新鲜的派。
Groups of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
在早餐、午餐和晚餐中,为男性农场工人烹饪的妇女团体和新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐都供应给一群妇女,她们为男性农场工人烹饪,并吃新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and home-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
在早餐、午餐和晚餐中,为男性农场工人烹调的一组妇女,以及自制的派。
Teams of women cooked for male millworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
早餐、午餐和晚餐都供应给一群为男性磨坊工人烹饪的妇女,还有新鲜的派。
Teams of women cooked for male dockworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
在早餐、午餐和晚餐中,为男性码头工人烹调的一组妇女,以及新鲜的派。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
it was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans in World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战中,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It was Americans that had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
It was Americans who had brought food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
第一次世界大战期间,是美国人给饥饿的欧洲人带来了食物。
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. " A Square Meal " chronicles the ways a nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
在第一次世界大战期间,是美国人送食物给饥饿的欧洲人。
" This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“这时候,食品成了美国人民的中心话题。”
" It was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
那时,食品成了美国人民的中心话题,令人头疼。”科伊解释说,他解释了为什么他和妻子想写这个故事。
" This was a time when food was a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
科伊在解释为什么他和妻子想写这篇文章时说:“那时,食物是美国人民的中心话题,令人头疼。”
" This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Goode said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
古德先生解释了为什么他和妻子想写这个故事。
" This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife decided to write about it.
科伊解释了他为何和妻子决定写这个故事,说道:“这时,食品成了美国人民的中心话题,令人头疼。”
" This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people, " Mr. Waite said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
怀特先生解释了为什么他和妻子想写这个故事,并解释为什么他和妻子想写这个故事。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, since cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients beneath a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层之下。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coat of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在一层奶油酱下。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, as cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分藏在酱油的奶油涂层中。
Equally fraught was the new budget diet : Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a " wonderful way to repurpose leftovers, " Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of fat.
同样令人烦恼的是新的节食计划:像面包和砂锅这样的神秘菜肴成了主食,砂锅是一种“修复剩菜的绝妙方法”,齐格尔曼女士说,因为厨师可以把不讨人喜欢的成分隐藏在油脂的奶油涂层中。
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
Raw fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
原水果换成更便宜的干果.
Fresh meat was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
新鲜肉被更便宜的干果代替.
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruits.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
Fresh produce was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
Fresh fruit is replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
新鲜水果换成更便宜的干果.
Meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,肉类一直是美国餐食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Food, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,食品一直是美国餐食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Meat, for decades the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
肉类几十年来一直是美国餐食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Breakfast, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,早餐一直是美国餐食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Meat, for years the backbone of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
肉类, 多年来是美国餐食的骨干, 成了一种稀有的奢侈品.
Meat, for years the center of the American diet, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
多年来,肉类一直是美国饮食的中心,如今却成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉,甚至连厨房常识,奇特的碎块被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste and even common kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至是厨房常识,奇特的碎块被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric or nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
由于热量或营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至普通厨房的感觉,奇异的碎石被试了试。
Strange mashups were tried where caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
在热量和营养满足性超越了味觉甚至普通厨房感觉的地方,人们尝试了奇怪的混凝土。
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even a kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至厨房的感觉,奇异的碎石被试了试。
Many mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
由于热量和营养的满足性超越了味觉甚至普通厨房的感觉,许多混凝土被试了试。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书(包括食谱)的过程中,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Biegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书(包括食谱)的过程中,比格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Riegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书时,列格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion covered with peanut butter.
在研究这本书(包括食谱)的过程中,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of fried onion stuffed with peanut butter.
在研究这本书(包括食谱)的过程中,齐格尔曼女士准备了一盘含有花生酱的煎洋葱。
In preparing the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
齐格尔曼女士在准备这本包括食谱的书籍时,准备了一盘含有花生酱的烤洋葱。
" It was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊说: “ 餐桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
" He was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊先生说: “ 他不是饭桌上受欢迎的人. ”
" She was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 她不是饭桌上受欢迎的人, ” 科伊先生说.
" I was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊先生说, “ 我并不是餐桌上受欢迎的人. ”
" It was not a popular addition to our dinner table, " Mr. Coe said.
柯伊先生说, “ 这不是我们餐桌上的热门菜. ”
" It was not a popular addition to the dinner table, " Mr. Coe replied.
柯伊先生回答说: “ 饭桌上的饭菜不怎么受欢迎. ”
Ms. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼女士放大道: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Mrs. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼夫人说: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Ms. Biegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
比格尔曼女士说: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Ms. Riegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
列格尔曼女士放大道: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Mr. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼先生说: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Dr. Ziegelman amplified : " It was surreal. "
齐格尔曼博士放大道: “ 这是超现实的. ”
Peanut butter has nothing to say to a baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱没什么可说的.
Peanut butter has nothing to say to a boiled onion.
花生酱对煮熟的洋葱没什么可说的.
Peanut butter had nothing to say to a baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱没什么可说的.
Peanut butter has nothing to say to a raw onion.
花生酱对生洋葱没什么可说的.
Peanut butter has nothing to say to a fried onion.
花生酱对炸洋葱没什么好说的.
Peanut butter has nothing to say to the baked onion.
花生酱对烤洋葱没什么可说的.
It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
它是许多家庭食谱的特色。
It is characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
它是许多家庭食谱的特色。
This was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
这是许多家庭食谱的特色。
It was characteristic of a lot of their home-ec recipes.
这是他们许多家庭食谱的特色。
It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec community.
它是许多家庭社区的特点。
It was characteristic of a lot of early home-ec recipes.
它是许多早期家庭食谱的特色。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)。
Like never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局(Federal Bureau of Home Economics)局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)——都养成了美国饮食习惯。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, director of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯·斯坦利(Louise Stanley)——都养成了国家的饮食习惯。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, head of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)——都养成了国家的饮食习惯。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1933 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1933年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯?斯坦利(Louise Stanley)——都养成了国家的饮食习惯。
As never before or since, home economists-among them Louise Stanley, Director of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943-drove the country's eating habits.
和以前或以后一样,家庭经济学家——包括1923年至1943年任联邦家庭经济局局长的路易斯·斯坦利(Louise Stanley)——都养成了国家的饮食习惯。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,鼓励妇女成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming slop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表菜谱和文章,鼓励妇女成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的细面条和胡萝卜变成美味的菜肴。
Writing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上写菜谱和文章时,它们鼓励女性成为“预算人”,并奋起迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
With recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志的食谱和文章中,它们鼓励女性成为“预算人”,并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing reviews and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表评论和文章,鼓励妇女成为"预算人",并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
Publishing stories and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become " budgeteers " and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
在报纸和杂志上发表故事和文章,鼓励妇女成为"预算人",并迎接挑战,把像奶油般的加了胡萝卜的面条变成美味的菜肴。
" A Square Meal " is a feast of historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一顿历史节日的节日.
" The Square Meal " is a feast of historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一顿历史节日的节日.
" A History Meal " is a feast of historical tidbits.
“ 历史美食 ” 是一顿历史小节.
" A Square Meal " is a list of historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一个历史小品的列表.
" A Square Meal " is a collection of historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一个历史小品的集合.
" A Square Meal " was a feast of historical tidbits.
“ 广场膳食 ” 是一顿历史节日的节日.
Especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
特别是政府对待饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任人吃饭的态度。
More savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
更多的是政府对其饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛(Herbert Hoover)总统的任人吃饭的态度。
Also savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
有关政府对饥饿公民的反应的描述也是令人叹为观止的,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统对吃蛋糕的态度一样。
Less savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
更不乏味的是政府对其饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的任性态度。
Especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's make-me-eat-cake attitude.
特别是政府对待饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛(Herbert Hoover)总统的自讨苦吃的态度。
Especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-have-cake attitude.
特别是政府对待饥饿公民的反应,就像赫伯特·胡佛总统的放任自流的态度。
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开表扬他童年时爱荷华州的简易农舍烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁那样吃饭。
Though he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
虽然他公开赞扬爱荷华州的农舍烹饪童年的简单,但他吃饭像一个百万富翁已经变成的诡辩者。
Although he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
虽然他公开赞扬爱荷华州的农舍烹饪的童年,他像一个百万富翁般地吃着饭。
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking from his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开表扬爱荷华州的农舍从其童年烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁般地吃着饭。
While he publicly praised the simple American farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开表扬他童年时代简单的美国农舍烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁那样吃饭。
When he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
当他公开表扬他童年时爱荷华州的简易农舍烹饪时,他像一个百万富翁那样吃饭。
" He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼. ” 科伊先生说.
" She liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 她喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼. ” 科伊先生说.
" We liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 我们喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼, ” 科伊先生说.
" I liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 我喜欢吃大陆菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼, ” 科伊先生说.
" He liked to eat Mediterranean cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃地中海菜, 就像吃黄瓜酱的鱼, ” 科伊先生说.
" He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like salmon with cucumber sauce, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他喜欢吃美洲大陆的美食, 比如鲑鱼和黄瓜酱. ” 科伊先生说.
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在镀金的餐厅吃饭。
He sat in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他几乎坐在一个镀金的餐厅里,穿着一件晚礼服。
He stood in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎站在一个镀金的餐厅里。
He was in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在一间镀金的餐厅里。
He ate in almost a silver-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
他穿着一件晚礼服,几乎在一间镀银的餐厅里吃饭。
She ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
她在几乎一个镀金的餐厅里吃饭,穿着一件晚礼服。
He was fabulously out of touch.
他完全失去了联系.
He seemed fabulously out of touch.
他似乎神魂颠倒.
He is fabulously out of touch.
他完全失去了联系.
She was fabulously out of touch.
她完全失去了联系.
He sounded fabulously out of touch.
他听上去格格不入.
I was fabulously out of touch.
我完全失去了联系.
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他以腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Kennedy may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
肯尼迪总统可能犯了同样的错误,如果他的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他为自己的腹部树立榜样的话。
President Truman may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果杜鲁门总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励杜鲁门在腹部树立一个榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have made the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他以腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not urged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有敦促他以自己的腹部为榜样,他也可能犯同样的错误。
President Roosevelt might have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
如果罗斯福总统的妻子埃莉诺没有鼓励他以腹部为榜样的话,他也可能犯同样的错误。
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所告诉的,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House which " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所说,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味没有兴趣的女管家,结果产生了白宫,“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor results in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所说,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味没有兴趣的女管家,结果白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的食物,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的食品。”
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " turned out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所说,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味没有兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿产生了一些令人沮丧的食物,而且还产生了一些最糟糕的准备。”
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest meals in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所告诉的,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味不感兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最乏味的饭菜,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的准备。”
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that " put out not only some of the dreariest dishes in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared. "
正如这本书所说,罗斯福夫人雇佣一位对风味没有兴趣的女管家,这导致了白宫“不仅在华盛顿推出了一些最枯燥无味的菜肴,而且还推出了一些最糟糕的菜肴。”
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,许多大萧条时代的食物方式就被抛弃了。
Much of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,许多大萧条时期的食物方式就被抛弃了。
Most of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
大部分大萧条时期的食品方法一旦国家重新站稳脚跟就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country was back on its feet.
国家一恢复元气,许多大萧条时期的食物就被抛弃了。
Many of the Depression-era food ways were discarded as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,许多大萧条时期的食物方式就被抛弃了。
All of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
一旦国家重新站稳脚跟,所有大萧条时代的食品方式都被抛弃了。
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Ziegelman女士说,遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
Its legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
齐格尔曼说,它的遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Biegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Biegelman女士说,遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
Our legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
齐格尔曼说,我们的遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
Their legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
齐格尔曼说,他们的遗产在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Riegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
Riegelman女士说,遗留的问题在于我们继续关注卡路里和营养,以及科学在烹饪中的应用方式。
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了Ziegelman的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The authors said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
作者们说,在写这本书时,他们对齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯有了更深入的了解,比如说,她不能丢弃食物。
The couple stated that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了Ziegelman的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Mrs. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了齐格尔曼太太的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The couple said that while writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,在写这本书时,他们更了解了齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯,比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
The couple said that by writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother-how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
这对夫妇说,通过写这本书,他们更了解了齐格尔曼的母亲的饮食习惯--比如说,她怎么也不能丢弃食物。
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊先生说.
" He had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 他确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊先生说.
" I had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe said.
“ 我确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊先生说.
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe explained.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, ” 科伊先生解释道.
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe continued.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊先生继续说道.
" She had a real fear of food waste, " Mr. Coe added.
“ 她确实害怕浪费食物, " 科伊先生补充道.
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼女士回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Mrs. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼夫人回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Dr. Ziegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
齐格尔曼医生回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Ms. Biegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
比格尔曼女士回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Ms. Riegelman recalled : " She actually got people sick. "
瑞格尔曼回忆道: “ 她确实让人生病了. ”
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : " She really got people sick. "
齐格尔曼回忆道: “ 她真的让人感到恶心. ”
There was the cream-puff incident.
发生了乳酪事件。
That was the cream-puff incident.
那是乳酪事件。
It was the cream-puff incident.
那是奶油包事件。
There was the powder-puff incident.
发生了猪粉事件。
There was the cream-fluff incident.
发生了奶油喷射事件。
There was the cream-puff thing.
里面有乳酪的东西。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子清理完后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After their plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格的餐盘被清理完后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert she had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐馆的盘子清理完后,她和科伊先生拿出了她在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
When the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
当艾森伯格家的盘子被清理干净后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
Once the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
在艾森伯格餐厅的盘子被清理干净后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
As the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home : the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
当艾森伯格家的盘子被清理干净后,她和科伊先生拿出了他们在家里准备的甜点:罗斯福总统午餐吃的淡色甜点。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" That's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
“这叫马鞭鞭子,”齐格尔曼说,她补充说,一个常见的技巧是给适度的食谱一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Riegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
“这叫“马鞭子”,Riegelman女士说,她补充说,一个常见的技巧是给适度的菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman explained, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼解释说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给小菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick is to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,一个常见的伎俩是给适度的菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
" It's called prune whip, " Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that the common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
齐格尔曼说,“这叫“马鞭子”,她补充说,通常的窍门是给温和的菜谱起一个模糊的名字。
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,糖,水和肉桂。
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, butter, water and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,黄油,水和肉桂。
There is no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,糖,水和肉桂。
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, milk and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,糖,牛奶和肉桂。
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, milk, water and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,牛奶,水和肉桂。
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, salt, water and cinnamon.
没有鞭打的奶油,只有,一点点面粉,盐,水和肉桂。
Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
每个人都不情愿地往黏稠的褐色的goo里蘸了一把勺子.
Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon in the viscous brown goo.
大家都不情愿地在黏稠的褐色豆腐里蘸了一汤匙.
Everyone quickly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
大家都赶紧把勺子蘸进粘稠的褐色的goo里.
Everyone immediately dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
每个人都立刻往黏稠的褐色的goo里蘸了一把勺子.
Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous yellow goo.
大家都不情愿地往黏稠的黄瓜里蘸了一把勺子.
Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous red goo.
每个人都不情愿地往黏稠的红豆子里蘸了一把勺子.
Mr. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.
科先生返回了几秒钟,又返回了三分之二。
Mrs. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.
科伊太太回到房间里几秒钟,然后又退了三秒钟。
Mr. Coe came back for seconds, and thirds.
科先生回来了几秒钟,又回来了三秒钟。
Dr. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.
科伊医生返回了几秒钟,又返回了三分之二。
Mr. Coe was back for seconds, and thirds.
科先生回来了几秒钟,又回来了三秒钟。
Mr. Coe went back for two, and thirds.
科先生返回了三分之二。
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说:“一些切碎的胡桃子会有所帮助。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts might help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts will help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说:“一些切碎的胡桃子会有所帮助。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnut would help. "
他说话像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃可以帮上忙。”
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts should help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说:“一些切碎的核桃应该有所帮助。”
Hoping like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, " Some chopped walnuts would help. "
他像一个能干的预算人,对妻子说,“一些切碎的胡桃木可以帮上忙。”
It is a pity that OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
遗憾的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
It is a pity that OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to rise and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
遗憾的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续上升,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
It is a pity that OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to grow and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
遗憾的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
It is a pity that OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production during July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
遗憾的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量持续增长,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
It is a pity that OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to increase and Saudi Arabia's output reached a new high.
遗憾的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续增加,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
It is a pity that OPEC's latest monthly report shows that the crude oil production in July continued to climb and Saudi Arabia's output hit a new high.
遗憾的是,欧佩克最近的月度报告显示,7月份的原油产量继续攀升,沙特阿拉伯的产量达到新高。
The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. The oil price recovery path is still filled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,油价的复苏之路仍然充满荆棘。
This report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. The oil price recovery path is still filled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,油价的复苏之路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot stop the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. The oil price recovery path is still filled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,油价的复苏之路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. The oil price recovery path is still laden with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,油价的复苏之路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the legitimacy of OPEC. The oil price recovery path is still filled with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场质疑欧佩克的合法性,油价的复苏之路仍然充满荆棘。
The report cannot prevent the market from doubting the credibility of OPEC. The oil price recovery path is still lined with thorns.
该报告不能阻止市场怀疑欧佩克的可信度,油价的复苏道路仍然充满荆棘。
On Monday, OPEC President Qatar's Minister of Energy and Industry Mohammed Saleh al-Sada said that OPEC will hold an informal meeting at the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期一,石油输出国组织主席卡塔尔能源和工业部长穆罕默德·萨利赫·萨达说,石油输出国组织将于9月26日至28日在国际能源论坛上举行一次非正式会议。
On Thursday, OPEC President Qatar's Minister of Energy and Industry Mohammed Saleh al-Sada said that OPEC will hold an informal meeting at the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期四,欧佩克主席卡塔尔能源和工业部长穆罕默德·萨利赫·萨达说,欧佩克将于9月26日至28日在国际能源论坛上举行一次非正式会议。
On Wednesday, OPEC President Qatar's Minister of Energy and Industry Mohammed Saleh al-Sada said that OPEC will hold an informal meeting at the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期三,OPEC主席卡塔尔能源和工业部长穆罕默德·萨利赫·萨达说,OPEC将于9月26日至28日在国际能源论坛上举行一次非正式会议。
On Tuesday, OPEC President Qatar's Minister of Energy and Industry Mohammed Saleh al-Sada said that OPEC will hold an informal meeting at the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期二,石油输出国组织主席卡塔尔能源和工业部长穆罕默德·萨利赫·萨达说,石油输出国组织将于9月26日至28日在国际能源论坛上举行一次非正式会议。
On Monday, OPEC President Qatar's Minister of Energy and Industry Mohammed Saleh al-Sada said that OPEC would hold an informal meeting at the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期一,石油输出国组织主席卡塔尔能源和工业部长穆罕默德·萨利赫·萨达说,石油输出国组织将于9月26日至28日在国际能源论坛上举行一次非正式会议。
On Sunday, OPEC President Qatar's Minister of Energy and Industry Mohammed Saleh al-Sada said that OPEC will hold an informal meeting at the International Energy Forum on September 26-28.
星期天,欧佩克主席卡塔尔能源和工业部长穆罕默德·萨利赫·萨达说,欧佩克将于9月26日至28日在国际能源论坛上举行一次非正式会议。
The monthly report of OPEC released on Wednesday showed that the July output of the entire OPEC organization, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三公布的月度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织的7月产量日增加46 000桶/日,达到331 100万桶/日。
The annual report of OPEC released on Wednesday showed that the July output of the entire OPEC organization, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三发布的年度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织的7月产量日增加46 000桶/日,达到331 100万桶/日。
A monthly report of OPEC released on Wednesday showed that the July output of the entire OPEC organization, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三公布的月度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织的7月产量日增加46 000桶/日,达到331 100万桶/日。
The monthly report of OPEC released on Wednesday showed that the July output of the entire OPEC organization, including Gabon, rose by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三公布的月度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织的7月产量日增加46 000桶/天,达到331 100万桶/天。
The monthly report of OPEC released on Wednesday showed that the July output of the entire OPEC organization, including Gabon, grew by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 11 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三公布的月度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织的7月份产量日增长46,000桶,达到331,110万桶/日。
The monthly report of OPEC released on Wednesday showed that the July output of the entire OPEC organization, including Gabon, increased by 46, 000 barrels / day to 33. 2 million barrels / day.
欧佩克周三公布的月度报告显示,包括加蓬在内的整个欧佩克组织的7月产量日增加46 000桶/日,达到332万桶/日。
OPEC also said in the monthly report that low crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus aggravating the excessive market supply.
欧佩克还在月度报告中表示,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而加剧了过度的市场供应。
OPEC also said in the monthly report that high crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus aggravating the excessive market supply.
欧佩克还在月度报告中表示,原油价格高企已促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而加剧了过度的市场供应。
OPEC also said in the monthly report that higher crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus aggravating the excessive market supply.
欧佩克还在月度报告中表示,原油价格上涨促使全球炼油商生产更多炼油,从而加剧了过度的市场供应。
OPEC also said in the monthly report that falling crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus aggravating the excessive market supply.
欧佩克还在月度报告中表示,原油价格的下跌促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而加剧了过度的市场供应。
OPEC also said in the monthly report that rising crude oil prices have prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus aggravating the excessive market supply.
欧佩克还在月度报告中表示,原油价格上涨促使全球炼油商生产更多炼油,从而加剧了过度的市场供应。
OPEC also said in the monthly report that low crude oil prices had prompted global refiners to produce more refined oil, thus aggravating the excessive market supply.
欧佩克还在月度报告中说,原油价格的低迷促使全球炼油商生产更精炼的石油,从而加剧了过度的市场供应。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of the rising crude oil production volume and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, international oil prices fell for two consecutive days.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长和原油库存意外增加的预期产量,国际油价连续两天下跌。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of the rising crude oil production volume and the unexpected rise in crude oil inventories, international oil prices fell for two consecutive days.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长和原油库存意外上升的预期产量,国际油价连续两天下跌。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of the increasing crude oil production volume and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, international oil prices fell for two consecutive days.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增加和原油库存意外增加,国际石油价格连续两天下降。
Affected by this news, combined with the production output expectations of the rising crude oil production volume and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, international oil prices fell for two consecutive days.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长和原油库存意外增加的预期产量,国际油价连续两天下跌。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of the rising crude oil production volume and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, international oil prices fell for three consecutive days.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长和原油库存意外增加,国际油价连续三天下跌。
Affected by this news, coupled with the production output expectations of the rising crude oil production volume and the unexpected increase in crude oil inventories, international oil prices fell for four consecutive days.
受这一消息的影响,加上原油产量增长和原油库存意外增加对产量的预期,国际油价连续四天下跌。
As of Wednesday's closing, the futures price of light crude oil for September delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % while Rondon Brent's price for October crude oil futures fell by 2. 07 %.
周三收盘时,纽约商交所9月份交货的轻质原油期货价格下跌了2.48%,而朗登-布伦特10月份原油期货价格下跌了2.07%。
As of Wednesday's closing, the futures price of light crude oil for September delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % while Rondon Brent's price for October crude oil futures rose by 2. 07 %.
周三收盘时,纽约商交所9月份交货的轻质原油期货价格下跌了2.48%,而朗登·布伦特10月份原油期货价格上涨了2.07%。
As of Wednesday's closing, the futures price of light crude oil for September delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange rose by 2. 48 % while Rondon Brent's price for October crude oil futures fell by 2. 07 %.
周三收盘时,纽约商交所9月份交货的轻质原油期货价格上涨了2.48%,而朗登-布伦特10月份原油期货价格下跌了2.07%。
As of Thursday's closing, the futures price of light crude oil for September delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % while Rondon Brent's price for October crude oil futures fell by 2. 07 %.
到周四收盘时,纽约商交所9月份交货的轻质原油期货价格下跌了2.48%,而朗登-布伦特10月份原油期货价格下跌了2.07%。
As of Wednesday's closing, the futures price of light crude oil for September delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % while Condon Brent's price for October crude oil futures fell by 2. 07 %.
周三收盘时,纽约商交所9月份交货的轻质原油期货价格下跌了2.48%,而康登-布伦特10月份原油期货价格下跌了2.07%。
As of Wednesday's closing, the futures price of light crude oil for September delivery on the New York Mercantile Exchange fell by 2. 48 % while Eldon Brent's price for October crude oil futures fell by 2. 07 %.
周三收盘时,纽约商交所9月份交货的轻质原油期货价格下跌了2.48%,而埃尔登·布伦特10月份原油期货价格下跌了2.07%。
According to Reuters, the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by the US Energy Information Administration also dampens the market.
据路透社报道,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能使石油供应趋紧,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了石油市场。
According to Reuters, the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by the US Energy Information Administration further dampens the market.
据路透社报道,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据进一步抑制了石油市场。
According to Reuters, the proposed meeting of the oil-producing nations is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by the US Energy Information Administration also dampens the market.
据路透社报道,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能使石油供应趋紧,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了石油市场。
According to Reuters, the proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. New data released by the US Energy Information Administration also dampens the market.
据路透社报道,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能收紧石油供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的新数据也抑制了石油市场。
According to Reuters, a proposed meeting of the oil-producing countries is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by the US Energy Information Administration also dampens the market.
据路透社报道,拟议召开的石油生产国会议不太可能使石油供应趋紧,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了石油市场。
According to Reuters, the proposed meeting of the oil-producing states is unlikely to tighten the supply. The data released by the US Energy Information Administration also dampens the market.
据路透社报道,拟议召开的产油州会议不太可能收紧供应,美国能源信息管理局发布的数据也抑制了市场。
Iran's official news agency Fars quoted on Wednesday the speech of Iranian Oil Minister Zanganeh as saying that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which is the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯星期三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38 500万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
Iran's official news agency Fars quoted on Wednesday the speech of Iranian Oil Minister Zanganeh as saying that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 4. 85 million barrels, which is the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯星期三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量达到48.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
Iran's official news agency Fars quoted on Wednesday the speech of Iranian Oil Minister Zanganeh as saying that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 2. 85 million barrels, which is the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯星期三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达28.5万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
Iran's official news agency Fars quoted on Wednesday the speech of Iranian Oil Minister Zanganeh as saying that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 3. 85 million barrels, which was the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯星期三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38 500万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
Iran's official news agency Fars quoted on Wednesday the speech of Iranian Oil Minister Zanganeh as saying that Iran's daily crude oil production was up to 1. 85 million barrels, which is the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯星期三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达1.85亿桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
Iran's official news agency Fars quoted on Wednesday the speech of Iranian Oil Minister Zanganeh as saying that Iran's daily crude oil production is up to 3. 85 million barrels, which is the highest level since 2008.
伊朗官方新闻机构法尔斯星期三援引伊朗石油部长赞加内的讲话称,伊朗的原油日产量高达38 500万桶,是2008年以来的最高水平。
As soon as the release of the news of the meeting, Russian Energy Minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of production freezing negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息后表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮生产冻结谈判。
As soon as the release of the news of the meeting, Russian Energy Minister Novak stated that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of production freezing negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息后表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮生产冻结谈判。
As soon as the release of the news of the meeting, Russian Energy Minister Novak declared that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of production freezing negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息后宣布,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮生产冻结谈判。
As well as the release of the news of the meeting, Russian Energy Minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of production freezing negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议新闻的同时表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行新一轮的生产冻结谈判。
As soon as the release of the news of the meeting, Russian Energy Minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a new round of production freezing negotiations at the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息后表示,没有必要以目前的油价进行新一轮生产冻结谈判。
As soon as the release of the news of the meeting, Russian Energy Minister Novak said that it was unnecessary to conduct a second round of production freezing negotiations under the current oil price.
俄罗斯能源部长诺瓦克在发布会议消息后表示,没有必要在当前油价下进行第二轮生产冻结谈判。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had the last meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries for relevant meaures.
4月,石油生产国举行了最后一次会议,石油输出国组织成员国之间没有就相关摩尔达成任何协议。
It was April when the oil-producing nations had the last meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries for relevant meaures.
4月,产油国举行了最后一次会晤,欧佩克成员国之间没有就相关摩尔达成任何协议。
It was April when the oil-producing countries held the last meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries for relevant meaures.
4月,石油生产国举行了最后一次会议,石油输出国组织成员国之间没有就相关的军事装备达成协议。
It was April when the oil-producing states had the last meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries for relevant meaures.
4月,石油生产国举行了最后一次会晤,欧佩克成员国之间没有就相关摩尔达成任何协议。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had the last meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries on relevant meaures.
4月,石油生产国举行了最后一次会晤,但欧佩克成员国之间没有就相关摩擦达成任何协议。
It was April when the oil-producing countries had the last meeting. No agreement was reached among the OPEC member countries in relevant meaures.
4月,石油生产国举行了最后一次会议,石油输出国组织成员国之间在相关海域没有达成协议。
The market and the media could overreact to OPEC's meeting, according to Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at BMI Research.
BMI Research油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克会议反应过度。
The market and the media could overreact to OPEC's meeting, according to Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at JMI Research.
JMI Research油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
The market and the media could overreact to OPEC's meeting, according to Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at IMI Research.
IMI Research油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克会议反应过度。
The market and the media could overreact to OPEC's meeting, according to Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at CMI Research.
CMI Research油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克(OPEC)的会议反应过度。
The market and the media may overreact to OPEC's meeting, according to Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at BMI Research.
BMI Research油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能对欧佩克会议反应过度。
The market and the media could overreact to OPEC's meeting, according to Emma Richards, an oil and gas analyst at WMI Research.
WMI Research油气分析师艾玛?理查兹(Emma Richards)表示,市场和媒体可能会对欧佩克会议反应过度。
OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would reach an agreement, said Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克罗夫特(Herima Croft)表示,欧佩克通过发出他们将达成协议的信号改变了市场情绪。
OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that it would reach an agreement, said Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克罗夫特(Herima Croft)表示,欧佩克通过发出将达成协议的信号改变了市场情绪。
OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would reach an agreement, said Selima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管塞利马?克罗夫特(Selima Croft)表示,欧佩克通过发出他们将达成协议的信号改变了市场情绪。
OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would reach an agreement, said Helima Croft, director of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克罗夫特(Herima Croft)表示,欧佩克通过发出他们将达成协议的信号改变了市场情绪。
OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they would reach an agreement, said Helima Crouch, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克劳奇(Herima Crouch)表示,欧佩克通过发出他们将达成协议的信号改变了市场情绪。
OPEC changed the market sentiment by releasing signals that they will reach an agreement, said Helima Croft, head of commodity strategy at Royal Bank of Canada.
加拿大皇家银行(Royal Bank of Canada)大宗商品策略主管赫利玛?克罗夫特(Herlima Croft)表示,欧佩克通过发出他们将达成协议的信号改变了市场情绪。
Such a means is just like smoke and mirror that draw people's attention ( which deliberately gives a false impression ).
这种手段就像烟雾和镜子吸引人们的注意力 ( 它故意给人一种错误的印象 ).
Such a means is just like smoke and mirror that draw people's attention ( which deliberately creates a false impression ).
这种手段就像烟雾和镜子吸引人们的注意力 ( 有意制造假印象 ).
Such a means is just like smoke and mirror that draw people's attention ( which deliberately gives a misleading impression ).
这种手段就像烟雾和镜子,吸引人们的注意力 ( 它故意给人一种错误的印象 ).
Such a means is just like smoke and mirror that catch people's attention ( which deliberately gives a false impression ).
这种手段就像烟雾和镜子吸引人们的注意力 ( 有意给人一种错误的印象 ).
Such a means is just like smoke and mirror to draw people's attention ( which deliberately gives a false impression ).
这种手段就像烟和镜子一样吸引人们的注意力 ( 它故意给人一种错误的印象 ).
Such a means is just like smoke and mirror that draw someone's attention ( which deliberately gives a false impression ).
这种手段就像是烟和镜子,吸引了人们的注意力 ( 有意给人一种错误的印象 ).
It is deemed very unlikely by people that OPEC tries to stabilize the market through the September meeting, according to Eugen Weinberg, director of commodity research at Commerzbank.
德国商业银行(Commerzbank)的商品研究主管欧根?温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,人们认为欧佩克不太可能在9月的会议上试图稳定市场。
It is deemed very unlikely by people that OPEC tries to stabilize the market through the September meeting, according to Eugen Weiner, director of commodity research at Commerzbank.
德国商业银行(Commerzbank)的商品研究主管欧根?韦纳(Eugen Weiner)表示,人们认为欧佩克不太可能在9月的会议上试图稳定市场。
It is deemed very unlikely by people that OPEC tries to stabilize the market through the September meeting, according to Egon Weinberg, director of commodity research at Commerzbank.
德国商业银行(Commerzbank)的商品研究主管埃贡?温伯格(Egon Weinberg)表示,人们认为欧佩克不太可能通过9月份的会议来稳定市场。
It is deemed very unlikely by people that OPEC tries to stabilize the market through the September meeting, according to Eugen Weinberg, head of commodity research at Commerzbank.
德国商业银行(Commerzbank)的商品研究主管欧根?温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,人们认为欧佩克不太可能在9月份的会议之前试图稳定市场。
It is deemed very unlikely by people that OPEC tries to stabilize the market through the September meeting, according to Eugen Weinberg, chief of commodity research at Commerzbank.
德国商业银行(Commerzbank)的商品研究主管欧根?温伯格(Eugen Weinberg)表示,人们认为欧佩克不太可能通过9月的会议来稳定市场。
It is deemed very unlikely by people that OPEC tries to stabilize the market through the September meeting, according to Ewald Weinberg, director of commodity research at Commerzbank.
德国商业银行(Commerzbank)的商品研究主管埃瓦尔德?温伯格(Ewald Weinberg)表示,人们认为欧佩克不太可能在9月份的会议之前试图稳定市场。
This will probably further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming " performance.
这可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,该组织已经推出了一个“狼来了”的业绩。
It will probably further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming " performance.
它可能会进一步削弱市场对欧佩克的信心。毕竟,该组织已经推出了一个“狼来了”的业绩。
This would probably further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming " performance.
这可能会进一步削弱欧佩克市场的信心。毕竟,该组织已经推出了“狼来了”的业绩。
This will probably further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization has staged a " wolf is coming " performance.
这可能会进一步削弱欧佩克的市场信心。毕竟,该组织已经推出了一个“狼来了”的业绩。
This will probably greatly undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, this organization already staged a " wolf is coming " performance.
这可能会大大削弱欧佩克的市场信心。毕竟,该组织已经推出了一个“狼来了”的业绩。
This will probably further undermine the market confidence in OPEC. After all, the organization already staged a " wolf is coming " performance.
这可能会进一步削弱欧佩克市场的信心。毕竟,该组织已经推出了一个“狼来了”的业绩。
All the local authorities should make medical institutions which have had illegal medical advertising, received complaints frequently or been repeatedly punished as the focus of their random inspection.
所有 地方当局 都 应 将 非法 医疗 广告 、 经常 收到 投诉 或 一再 受到 处罚 的 医疗 机构 作为 随机 检查 的 重点 。
All the local authorities should make medical institutions that have had illegal medical advertising, received complaints frequently or been repeatedly punished as the focus of their random inspection.
所有 地方当局 都 应 将 非法 医疗 广告 、 经常 收到 投诉 或 一再 受到 处罚 的 医疗 机构 作为 随机 检查 的 重点 。
All other local authorities should make medical institutions which have had illegal medical advertising, received complaints frequently or been repeatedly punished as the focus of their random inspection.
所有其他地方当局应将非法医疗广告、经常收到投诉或一再受到处罚的医疗机构作为随机检查的焦点。
All the local authorities should make medical institutions which have had illegal medical advertising, made complaints frequently or been repeatedly punished as the focus of their random inspection.
所有 地方当局 都 应 将 进行 非法 医疗 广告 、 经常 提出 控诉 或 一再 受到 惩罚 的 医疗 机构 作为 随机 检查 的 重点 。
All the local authorities should make medical institutions which have had illegal medical advertising, filed complaints frequently or been repeatedly punished as the focus of their random inspection.
所有 地方当局 都 应 使 非法 发表 医疗 广告 、 经常 提出 控诉 或 一再 受到 惩罚 的 医疗 机构 成为 随机 检查 的 焦点 。
All the local authorities should make medical institutions which have received illegal medical advertising, received complaints frequently or been repeatedly punished as the focus of their random inspection.
所有 地方当局 都 应 使 收到 非法 医疗 广告 、 经常 收到 投诉 或 一再 受到 处罚 的 医疗 机构 成为 随机 检查 的 焦点 。
The National Health and Family Planning Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision and examination on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生计划生育委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省份的督查工作进行监督检查。
The State Health and Family Planning Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine will timely carry out supervision and examination on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生和计划生育委员会、国家中药管理局将及时对部分省份的监督检查工作进行监督检查。
The National Health and Family Planning Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine should timely carry out supervision and examination on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生计划生育委员会和国家中药管理局应当及时对部分省份的卫生监督检查工作进行监督检查。
The National Health and Family Planning Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine can timely carry out supervision and examination on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生计划生育委员会、国家中药管理局可以及时对部分省份的卫生监督检查工作进行监督检查。
The National Health and Family Planning Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine must timely carry out supervision and examination on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生计划生育委员会和国家中药管理局必须及时对部分省份的卫生监督检查工作进行监督检查。
The National Health and Family Planning Commission and the State Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine shall timely carry out supervision and examination on the supervision and inspection work of some provinces.
国家卫生计划生育委员会、国家中药管理局应当及时对部分省的监督检查工作进行监督检查。
According to media disclosure, the large-scale flow of capital into the Internet medicine sector has resulted in the current serious problem of product homogeneity. Investment boom faded gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体披露,大规模资本流入互联网医药行业已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media disclosure, the large-scale flow of capital into the Internet medicine sector has resulted in a current serious problem of product homogeneity. Investment boom faded gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体披露,大规模资本流入互联网医药行业已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media disclosure, the large-scale flow of capital to the Internet medicine sector has resulted in the current serious problem of product homogeneity. Investment boom faded gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
传媒披露,由于大量资金流向互联网医药行业,导致目前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资热潮逐渐减弱,资金进入观望期。
According to media disclosure, a large-scale flow of capital into the Internet medicine sector has resulted in the current serious problem of product homogeneity. Investment boom faded gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体披露,大规模资本流入互联网医药行业已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,投资繁荣逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media disclosure, the large-scale flow of capital into the Internet medicine sector has resulted in the current serious problem of product homogeneity. The boom faded gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体的披露,大规模资本流入互联网医药行业已导致当前产品均匀性的严重问题,繁荣逐渐减弱,资金进入等待期。
According to media disclosure, the large-scale flow of capital into the Internet medicine sector has resulted in the current serious problem of product homogeneity. This boom faded gradually and capital came into the wait-and-see period.
根据媒体的披露,大规模资本流入互联网医药行业已导致目前产品均匀性的严重问题,这种繁荣逐渐消失,资本进入等待期。
In addition, according to the data of the Hong Kong Institute of Asclepius Hospital Management, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished within one year and about 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies have ceased to exist.
此外,根据香港Asclepius医院管理研究所的资料,一个月内大量开办的互联网医疗公司萎靡不振,约20%的开办互联网医疗公司不复存在。
In addition, according to the data of the Hong Kong Institute of Asclepius Hospital Management, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished within one year and around 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies have ceased to exist.
此外,根据香港Asclepius医院管理研究所的资料,一个月内大量开办的互联网医疗公司萎靡不振,约20%的开办互联网医疗公司不复存在。
In addition, according to the data of the Hong Kong Institute of Asclepius Hospital Management, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished within one year and about 30 % of the start-up Internet medical companies have ceased to exist.
此外,根据香港Asclepius医院管理研究所的资料,一个月内大量开办的互联网医疗公司萎靡不振,约30%的开办互联网医疗公司不复存在。
In addition, according to the data of the Hong Kong Institute of Asclepius Hospital Management, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished within one year and approximately 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies have ceased to exist.
此外,根据香港Asclepius医院管理研究所的资料,一个月内大量开办的互联网医疗公司萎靡不振,约20%的开办互联网医疗公司不复存在。
In addition, according to the data of the Hong Kong Institute of Asclepius Hospital Management, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished within one year and nearly 20 % of the start-up Internet medical companies have ceased to exist.
此外,根据香港Asclepius医院管理研究所的资料,大量初创的互联网医疗公司在一年内萎靡不振,近20%的初创互联网医疗公司不复存在。
In addition, according to the data of the Hong Kong Institute of Asclepius Hospital Management, a large number of start-up Internet medical companies languished within one year and about 10 % of the start-up Internet medical companies have ceased to exist.
此外,根据香港Asclepius医院管理研究所的资料,一个月内大量开办的互联网医疗公司萎靡不振,约10%的开办互联网医疗公司不复存在。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle on the way of A round or B round of financing, several segment-leading enterprises can still be favored by investors.
然而,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在进行一轮或一轮B级融资的过程中挣扎一样,一些领先的行业企业仍会受到投资者的青睐。
Furthermore, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle on the way of A round or B round of financing, several segment-leading enterprises can still be favored by investors.
此外,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在进行一轮或B轮融资的过程中挣扎一样,几家领先的行业企业仍会受到投资者的青睐。
Moreover, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle on the way of A round or B round of financing, several segment-leading enterprises can still be favored by investors.
此外,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在进行一轮或B轮融资的过程中挣扎一样,几家领先的行业企业仍会受到投资者的青睐。
However, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle on the way of A round or B round of financing, several segment-leading enterprises may still be favored by investors.
然而,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在进行一轮或B轮融资的过程中挣扎一样,一些领先的行业企业可能仍受到投资者的青睐。
Thus, just as the majority of Internet medical companies struggle on the way of A round or B round of financing, several segment-leading enterprises can still be favored by investors.
因此,正如大多数互联网医疗公司在进行一轮或B轮融资的过程中挣扎一样,几家领先的行业企业仍会受到投资者的青睐。
However, just as a majority of Internet medical companies struggle on the way of A round or B round of financing, several segment-leading enterprises can still be favored by investors.
然而,正像大多数互联网医疗公司在进行一轮或B轮融资的过程中挣扎一样,一些领先的行业企业仍会受到投资者的青睐。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not be blinded. Instead, it should take into account the needs of the market, and should be professional and dedicated.
互联网医疗业务似乎不应盲目,而应顾及市场需求,应具有专业精神和敬业精神。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not be blinded. Rather, it should take into account the needs of the market, and should be professional and dedicated.
互联网医疗业务似乎不应盲目,而应顾及市场需求,应专业和敬业。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not be blinded. Instead, it must take into account the needs of the market, and should be professional and dedicated.
似乎互联网医疗业务不应盲目,而必须考虑到市场需求,应该专业和专注。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not be blinded. Instead, it shall take into account the needs of the market, and should be professional and dedicated.
互联网医疗业务似乎不应盲目,而应顾及市场需求,应具有专业精神和敬业精神。
It seems that the Internet medical business shall not be blinded. Instead, it should take into consideration the needs of the market, and should be professional and dedicated.
互联网医疗业务似乎不应盲目,而应顾及市场需求,应专业和敬业。
It seems that the Internet medical business should not be blinded. Instead, it should take into account the needs of the market, and should be professional and dedicated.
似乎不应对互联网医疗事业视而不见,而应顾及市场需求,应具有专业精神和敬业精神。
Yuyue invested RMB 12 million, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested RMB 18 million, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元人民币,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元人民币,占注册资本的60%。
Dongyue invested RMB 12 million, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested RMB 18 million, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
东岳投资1200万元人民币,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元人民币,占注册资本的60%。
Nanyue invested RMB 12 million, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested RMB 18 million, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
纳米投资1200万元人民币,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元人民币,占注册资本的60%。
Wuyue invested RMB 12 million, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested RMB 18 million, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
吴岳投资1200万元人民币,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元人民币,占注册资本的60%。
Yuyue invested RMB 20 million, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested RMB 18 million, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资2000万元人民币,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资1800万元人民币,占注册资本的60%。
Yuyue invested RMB 12 million, accounting for 40 % of the registered capital, while Jiuzhoutong invested RMB 8 million, accounting for 60 % of the registered capital.
月桂投资1200万元人民币,占注册资本的40%,九州通投资800万元人民币,占注册资本的60%。
In recent years, with the national policy support for medical information construction, electronic integrated supply chain management systems have gradually been introduced to hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家对医疗信息建设的政策支持,各级医院逐步采用电子综合供应链管理系统。
In recent years, with the national policy support for medical information construction, electronic integrated supply chain management systems have gradually been introduced to hospitals on all levels.
近年来,随着国家对医疗信息建设的政策支持,各级医院逐步采用电子综合供应链管理系统。
In recent years, with the national policy support for health information construction, electronic integrated supply chain management systems have gradually been introduced to hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家卫生信息建设政策的支持,各级医院逐步采用电子综合供应链管理系统。
In recent years, with the national policy support for healthcare information construction, electronic integrated supply chain management systems have gradually been introduced to hospitals at all levels.
近年来,随着国家对保健信息建设的政策支持,各级医院逐步采用电子综合供应链管理系统。
In recent years, following the national policy support for medical information construction, electronic integrated supply chain management systems have gradually been introduced to hospitals at all levels.
近年来,在对医疗信息建设提供国家政策支持之后,各级医院逐步采用电子综合供应链管理系统。
In recent years, given the national policy support for medical information construction, electronic integrated supply chain management systems have gradually been introduced to hospitals at all levels.
近年来,由于国家对医疗信息建设的政策支持,各级医院逐步采用电子综合供应链管理系统。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build an advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
This cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build an advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
岳岳与九州通的这一合作,是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The collaboration between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build an advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The partnership between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong is aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build an advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作关系旨在满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong has aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build an advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作着眼于市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
The cooperation between Yuyue and Jiuzhoutong was aimed at the needs of the market, helping the hospital to build an advanced supply chain management system, and take this opportunity to seek more cooperation.
裕月与九州通的合作是为了满足市场需求,帮助医院建立先进的供应链管理系统,并借此机会寻求更多的合作。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be dedicated to pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,致力于孕妇和医生。
Unlike most Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be dedicated to pregnant mothers and doctors.
与大多数参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,专门为孕妇和医生服务。
Unlike other Internet medical companies which go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be dedicated to pregnant mothers and doctors.
与其他参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,专门为孕妇和医生服务。
Unlike many Internet medical companies that go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be dedicated to pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,致力于孕妇和医生。
Unlike many Internet medical companies who go in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be dedicated to pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,致力于孕妇和医生。
Unlike many Internet medical companies which come in for grandiose projects, iBaby focuses on the Internet obstetrics vertical field and be dedicated to pregnant mothers and doctors.
与许多参与大型项目的互联网医疗公司不同,iBaby专注于互联网产科垂直领域,专门为孕妇和医生服务。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also enjoy paid medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,还可以享受有偿医疗咨询。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of cost and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also enjoy paid medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,还可以享受有偿医疗咨询。
Pregnant women can not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with physicians, but also enjoy paid medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,还可以享受有偿医疗咨询。
Pregnant women may not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also enjoy paid medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,还可以享受有偿医疗咨询。
Pregnant women do not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also enjoy paid medical counseling.
孕妇不仅享受24小时免费的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,而且还享受有偿医疗咨询。
Pregnant women will not only enjoy 24 hours of medical services free of charge and one-on-one inquiry with doctors, but also enjoy paid medical counseling.
孕妇不仅可以免费享受24小时的医疗服务和与医生一对一的询问,还可以享受有偿医疗咨询。
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
From the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
On the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等形式。
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the role of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby打破了地域限制,发挥组织专家的作用,为基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等。
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the form of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, data exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby通过组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、数据交换、案例讨论等形式打破了地域限制。
At the doctor's side, iBaby breaks the geographical restrictions by taking the step of organizing experts to give grassroots doctors an online lecture, peer exchange, case discussion and so on.
在医生方面,iBaby突破了地域限制,采取了组织专家向基层医生提供在线讲座、同侪交流、病例讨论等措施。
At present, three sectors are set up for doctor's client side, i. e. continuing education, social exchange and communication.
目前,为医生的病人设立了三个部门,即继续教育、社会交流和沟通。
At present, three sectors are set up for doctor's client side, i. e. continuing education, knowledge exchange and communication.
目前,为医生的客户设立了三个部门,即继续教育、知识交流和沟通。
At present, three sectors are set up for doctor's client side, i. e. continuing education, information exchange and communication.
目前,为医生的病人设立了三个部门,即继续教育、信息交流和通信。
At present, several sectors are set up for doctor's client side, i. e. continuing education, social exchange and communication.
目前, 已经 为 医生 的 服务 方 设立 了 若干 部门, 即 继续 教育 、 社会 交流 和 通讯 。
At present, three sectors are set up for doctor's client side, i. e. continuing education, social exchange and research.
目前, 已经 为 医生 的 服务 方 设立 了 三 个 部门, 即 继续 教育 、 社会 交流 和 研究 。
At present, three sectors are opened up for doctor's client side, i. e. continuing education, social exchange and communication.
目前, 向 医生 的 服务 对象 开放 了 三 个 部门, 即 继续 教育 、 社会 交流 和 通讯 。
Services including online learning, case discussion, academic exchange, social platforms for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department, legal assistance and business support required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life are provided.
提供在线学习、个案讨论、学术交流、同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台、医生与病人关系或个人生活所需的法律援助和商业支持等服务。
Services like online learning, case discussion, academic exchange, social platforms for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department, legal assistance and business support required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life are provided.
提供在线学习、案件讨论、学术交流、同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台、医患关系或个人生活所需的法律援助和商业支持等服务。
Services including online learning, case discussion, academic exchange, social platforms for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department, legal assistance and business support required by physician-patient relationship or personal life are provided.
提供在线学习、个案讨论、学术交流、同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台、医生与病人关系或个人生活所需的法律援助和商业支持等服务。
Services of online learning, case discussion, academic exchange, social platforms for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department, legal assistance and business support required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life are provided.
提供在线学习、案件讨论、学术交流服务、同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台、医生与病人关系或个人生活所需的法律援助和商业支持。
Services for online learning, case discussion, academic exchange, social platforms for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department, legal assistance and business support required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life are provided.
提供在线学习、案件讨论、学术交流服务、同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台、医生与病人关系或个人生活所需的法律援助和商业支持。
Activities including online learning, case discussion, academic exchange, social platforms for the exchange of doctors of the same hospital and department, legal assistance and business support required by doctor-patient relationship or personal life are provided.
开展了在线学习、案件讨论、学术交流、同一医院和部门的医生交流社会平台、医生与病人关系或个人生活所需的法律援助和商业支持等活动。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali Health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,CEO王雷最近表示,阿里健康公司愿意“下调”,以赢得大量健康数据。
According to press reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali Health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康公司愿意“下调”,以赢得重大健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali Health " was willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康公司愿意“下挫”,以赢得大量健康数据。
According to news reports, CEO Wang Lei recently said Ali Health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
根据新闻报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”以赢得大型健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Lei recently stated Ali Health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,首席执行长王雷最近表示,阿里健康“愿意下挫”以赢得重大健康数据。
According to media reports, CEO Wang Sui recently said Ali Health " is willing to get down " to win big health data.
据媒体报道,王瑞最近表示,阿里健康公司愿意“下挫”,以赢得大量健康数据。
Internet companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided even on the wording of the same entry.
互联网公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,即使在同一条目中的措辞上也无法提供统一性。
Internet services and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided even on the wording of the same entry.
互联网服务和数据公司缺乏专业性,即使在同一条目中的措辞上也无法统一。
Internet providers and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided even on the wording of the same entry.
因特网供应商和数据公司缺乏专业精神,即使在同一条目中的措辞上也无法统一。
Internet users and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided even on the wording of the same entry.
互联网用户和数据公司缺乏专业性,即使在同一条目中的措辞上也无法统一。
Internet operators and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided even on the wording of the same entry.
互联网运营商和数据公司缺乏专业精神,即使在同一条目中的措辞上也无法提供统一性。
Software companies and data companies are short of professionalism. No unity can be provided even on the wording of the same entry.
软件公司和数据公司缺乏专业精神,即使是在同一条目中的措辞,也不能提供统一性。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three parts, namely, Ali Health, Yaotmall. com and Alipay Future Hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局分为阿里健康、姚明和阿利帕未来医院三部分。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three parts, namely, Ali Health, Antmall. com and Alipay Future Hospital.
阿里医院在医疗卫生领域的布局分为阿里健康医院、安特马尔医院和阿利帕未来医院三部分。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three parts, namely, Ali Health, Yaotmall. com and Alpay Future Hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局分为阿里健康、姚明和阿帕特未来医院三部分。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health fields is divided into three parts, namely, Ali Health, Yaotmall. com and Alipay Future Hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局分为三个部分,即阿里健康医院、姚明医院和阿利帕未来医院。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three parts, namely, Ali Health, Alitmall. com and Alipay Future Hospital.
阿里医院在医疗卫生领域的布局分为阿里健康医院、阿里特马尔医院、阿利特马尔医院和阿利佩未来医院三部分。
The layout of Ali in the medical and health field is divided into three sections, namely, Ali Health, Yaotmall. com and Alipay Future Hospital.
阿里在医疗卫生领域的布局分为三个部分,即阿里健康医院、姚明医院和阿利帕未来医院。
Wang Lei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness. "
王雷承认,相比其他行业,医药和医疗公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Fei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness. "
王飞承认,相比其他行业,医药和医疗公司更难创业,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Zi admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness. "
王子承认,相比其他行业,医药公司更难创办,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Lei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " It is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness. "
王雷承认,相比其他行业,医药和医疗公司更难创业,“不仅你拥有这么多钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Wang Lei admitted that it was more difficult for food and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness. "
王雷承认,相比其他行业,食品和健康公司更难创业,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Li Lei admitted that it was more difficult for medical and health companies to start up than other industries, " This is not just how much money you have. In addition, it requires people to be concentrated on it and endure the loneliness. "
李雷承认,相比其他行业,医药公司更难创业,“这不只是你有多少钱,而且还需要人们专心致志,忍受孤独。”
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games can damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying out late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games could damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥林匹克运动会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic games will damage the heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤心
Staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage your heart easily
熬夜看奥运会很容易伤害你的心
The Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
The Beijing Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
北京奥运会正在全力以赴地进行,即使这次活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
The Summer Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
夏季奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使这次活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
The 2008 Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
2008年奥运会正在全力以赴地进行,即使这次活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
The Brazil Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast at the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
巴西奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使该活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
The Youth Olympic Games is in full swing. Even if the event is broadcast in the midnight in China, many people will stay up late to watch.
青年奥林匹克运动会正在全力以赴地进行,即使这次活动在中国的午夜播出,许多人也会熬夜观看。
In this regard, a doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular diseases.
在这方面,一位医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In that regard, a doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular diseases.
在这方面,一位医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regard, a doctor reminded that staying up late carries health risks and may lead to cardiovascular diseases.
在这方面,一位医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regard, a doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease.
在这方面,一位医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regard, a doctor reminded that staying up late poses health risks and may lead to cardiovascular diseases.
在这方面,一位医生提醒说,熬夜会给健康带来风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
In this regard, a doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and could lead to cardiovascular diseases.
在这方面,一位医生提醒说,熬夜有健康风险,并可能导致心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, a great amount of hormone will be secreted and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction and blood pressure rise and then cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,大量的荷尔蒙会分泌出来,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,不能正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩和血压升高,然后心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, a great amount of hormone may be secreted and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction and blood pressure rise and then cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,大量的荷尔蒙会分泌出来,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,不能正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩和血压升高,然后引起心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, a great amount of hormone can be secreted and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction and blood pressure rise and then cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,大量的荷尔蒙会分泌出来,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,不能正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩和血压升高,然后心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, a great amount of hormone will be secreted and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. It may easily cause vasoconstriction and blood pressure rise and then cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,大量的荷尔蒙会分泌出来,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,不能正常恢复,很容易导致血管收缩和血压升高,然后心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, a great amount of hormone will be secreted and the body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction and blood pressure rise and then cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,会分泌大量的激素,身体会继续处于兴奋状态,无法正常恢复,很容易导致血管收缩和血压升高,然后心血管疾病。
If you stay up for a long time, a great amount of hormones will be secreted and your body will continue to be in a state of intense excitement and cannot have normal recovery. This may easily cause vasoconstriction and blood pressure rise and then cardiovascular disease.
如果你长时间熬夜,大量的荷尔蒙会分泌出来,你的身体会继续处于极度兴奋的状态,无法正常恢复,这很容易导致血管收缩和血压升高,然后引起心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan specially reminded people with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors that they may easily suffer from cardiovascular diseases if staying up late.
韩志远特别提醒有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan specially reminded people with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipid, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors that they may easily suffer from cardiovascular diseases if staying up late.
韩志远特别提醒有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan specially reminded people with low blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors that they may easily suffer from cardiovascular diseases if staying up late.
韩志远特别提醒有低血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan specially reminded people with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, low blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors that they may easily suffer from cardiovascular diseases if staying up late.
韩志远特别提醒高血压、高血糖、低血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜容易患心血管疾病。
Han Zhiyuan specially reminded people with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors that they may easily suffer from cardiovascular diseases after staying up late.
韩志远特别提醒高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,他们熬夜后很容易患心血管疾病。
Han zhiyuan specially reminded people with high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high blood lipids, smoking habits, family history and other cardiovascular risk factors that they may easily suffer from cardiovascular diseases if staying up late.
韩志远特别提醒有高血压、高血糖、高血脂、吸烟习惯、家庭历史和其他心血管危险因素的人,如果熬夜容易患心血管疾病。
If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system and neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你熬夜,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统和神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system and neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer may increase.
如果你熬夜,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统和神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system and neuroendocrine systems will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你熬夜,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统和神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you get up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system and neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你晚起,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统和神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, immune system and neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will rise.
如果你熬夜,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、免疫系统和神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会上升。
If you stay up late, then your cardiovascular function will be affected, your gastrointestinal function, respiratory system and neuroendocrine system will also be affected, and even the risk of cancer will increase.
如果你熬夜,你的心血管功能就会受到影响,你的胃肠功能、呼吸系统、神经内分泌系统也会受到影响,甚至癌症的风险也会增加。
For old people, Han Zhiyuan suggested that they would better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular diseases.
对于老年人来说,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些患有心血管疾病的人。
For older people, Han Zhiyuan suggested that they would better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular diseases.
对于老年人来说,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些患有心血管疾病的人。
For elderly people, Han Zhiyuan suggested that they would better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular diseases.
对于老年人来说,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病患者。
For young people, Han Zhiyuan suggested that they would better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular diseases.
对于年轻人来说,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些患有心血管疾病的人。
For younger people, Han Zhiyuan suggested that they would better not stay up late to watch games, particularly those with cardiovascular diseases.
对于年轻人来说,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些患有心血管疾病的人。
For old people, Han Zhiyuan suggested that they would better not stay up late to watch games, especially those with cardiovascular diseases.
对于老年人来说,韩志远建议他们最好不要熬夜看游戏,尤其是那些心血管疾病患者。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related to staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
In the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related to staying up late to watch games.
在上次的世界杯足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
At the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related to staying up late to watch games.
在上次世界杯足球赛上,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction might be related to staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
After the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction may be related to staying up late to watch games.
上次世界杯足球赛结束后,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
During the last " World Cup " football match, Han Zhiyuan received a 60-year-old patient. His onset of myocardial infarction could be related to staying up late to watch games.
在上次“世界杯”足球赛中,韩志远接见了一位60岁的病人,他的心肌梗死可能与熬夜看比赛有关。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to staying up late for a long time.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的医科治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长时间熬夜。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated several 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to staying up late for a long time.
据韩志远说,他所在的医科治疗了数名25岁的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长时间熬夜。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated many 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to staying up late for a long time.
据韩志远说,他所在的部门治疗过许多25岁的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长时间熬夜。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 50-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to staying up late for a long time.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的医科治疗过50多岁的心肌梗死或中风患者,这主要是由于长时间熬夜。
According to Han Zhiyuan, his department has treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to staying up late for a long time.
根据韩志远的说法,他所在的科室治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长时间熬夜。
According to Liu Zhiyuan, his department had treated some 25-year-old myocardial infarction or stroke patients. This is largely due to staying up late for a long time.
据刘志远说,他的诊所治疗过25岁左右的心肌梗死或中风病人,这主要是由于长时间熬夜。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports the next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的运动,观看第二天其他运动的转播。
1. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports or watch the rebroadcast for other sports the next day.
1.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的体育活动,或观看第二天其他体育活动的转播。
2. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports the next day.
2、不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的运动,看第二天其他运动的转播。
4. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports the next day.
4.不要天天熬夜,你可以偶尔晚上熬夜看最喜爱的体育活动,看第二天其他体育活动的转播。
5. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports the next day.
5.不要天天熬夜,你可以偶尔晚上熬夜看最喜爱的运动,看第二天其他运动的转播。
3. Do not stay up late every day. You can occasionally stay up all night watching the favorite sports and watch the rebroadcast for other sports the next day.
3.不要每天熬夜,你可以偶尔整夜看最喜爱的体育活动,看第二天其他体育活动的转播。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during staying up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
3. You may drink more water, have more fruit during staying up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
3、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
5. You may drink more water, have more fruit during staying up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
5、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
4. You may drink more water, have more fruit during staying up as this can prevent blood clogging and enhance your body immunity.
4.你可能多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,因为这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during staying up as this can prevent blood clogging and increase your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血液堵塞,增强身体免疫力。
2. You may drink more water, have more fruit during staying up as this can prevent blood clogging and improve your body immunity.
2、你可以多喝水,熬夜时多吃水果,这样可以防止血堵塞,提高身体免疫力。
On August 12 Beijing Time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won a bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力赢得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing Time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle in the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won a bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力赢得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing Time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li won a silver medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力赢得了一枚银牌。
On August 12 Beijing Time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li earned a bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力赢得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing Time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li took a bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三场决赛后,中国老兵杜力夺得了铜牌。
On August 12 Beijing Time, after three posture finals of women's 50-meters rifle at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games, Chinese veteran Du Li clinched a bronze medal.
北京时间8月12日,在2016年里约奥运会女子50米步枪的三轮体态决赛后,中国老兵杜力颁发了一枚铜牌。
Du Li, as a four-time Olympic Games participant, won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in 4 Olympic Games.
杜力作为4届奥运会的参赛者,在4届奥运会上夺得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li, as a four-time Olympic Games participant, won 3 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in 4 Olympic Games.
杜力作为4届奥运会的参赛者,在4届奥运会上夺得了3枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li, as a five-time Olympic Games participant, won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in 4 Olympic Games.
杜力作为5届奥运会的参赛者,在4届奥运会上夺得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li, as a three-time Olympic Games participant, won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in 4 Olympic Games.
杜力作为3届奥运会的参赛者,在4届奥运会上夺得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li, as a four-time Olympic Games participant, won 4 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals in 4 Olympic Games.
杜力作为4届奥运会的参赛者,在4届奥运会上夺得了4枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
Du Li, as a four-time Olympic Games participant, won 2 gold, 1 silver and 1 bronze medals at 4 Olympic Games.
杜力作为4届奥运会的参赛者,在4届奥运会上夺得了2枚金牌、1枚银牌和1枚铜牌。
In 1998, she became a member of Shandong's provincial shooting team and followed coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
1998年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随主教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In 2004, she became a member of Shandong's provincial shooting team and followed coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
2004年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随主教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In 2006, she became a member of Shandong's provincial shooting team and followed coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
2006年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随主教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In 2008, she became a member of Shandong's provincial shooting team and followed coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
2008年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随主教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In 2009, she became a member of Shandong's provincial shooting team and followed coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
2009年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随主教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In 2011, she became a member of Shandong's provincial shooting team and followed coach Wang Dewen for professional shooting training.
2011年,她成为山东省射击队的一员,跟随主教练王德文进行专业射击训练。
In June 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of the World Cup's Croatia competition and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年6月,她参加了世界杯克罗地亚杯比赛中的女子1 000万发气步枪,打破了世界纪录,射程为504.9枚。
In May 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of the World Cup's Croatia competition and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年5月,她参加了世界杯克罗地亚杯比赛中的女子1 000万发气步枪,以504.9环打破了世界纪录。
In July 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of the World Cup's Croatia competition and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年7月,她参加了世界杯克罗地亚杯比赛中的女子1 000万发气步枪,打破了世界纪录,射程为504.9枚。
In March 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of the World Cup's Croatia competition and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年3月,她参加了世界杯克罗地亚杯比赛中的女子1 000万发气步枪,以504.9环打破了世界纪录。
In April 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of the World Cup's Croatia competition and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年4月,她参加了世界杯克罗地亚杯比赛中的女子1 000万发气步枪,打破了世界纪录,射程为504.9枚。
In August 2003, she participated in the women's 10-m air rifle of the World Cup's Croatia competition and broke the world record with 504. 9 rings.
2003年8月,她参加了世界杯克罗地亚杯比赛中的女子1 000万发气步枪,打破了世界纪录,射程为504.9枚。
In August 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team at the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle silver medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team at the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子10米气步枪银牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle bronze medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team at the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子10米气步枪铜牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August 2004, she won the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team in the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她赢得了女子气步枪10米金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August 2004, she took the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team at the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她夺得了女子10米气步枪金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August 2004, she claimed the women's 10-m air rifle gold medal and thus won the first gold for the Chinese team at the Athens Olympic Games.
2004年8月,她夺得了女子10米气步枪金牌,从而为雅典奥运会中国队赢得了第一枚金牌。
In August 2008, she pocketed a gold medal and broke the Olympic record with 690. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置上扣下一枚金牌,打破了奥运纪录,打破了690.3枚戒指。
In August 2008, she pocketed a gold medal and broke the Olympic record with 670. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置上扣下一枚金牌,打破了奥运纪录,打破了670.3枚戒指。
In August 2008, she pocketed a gold medal and broke the Olympic record with 730. 3 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她获得了一枚金牌,打破了奥运纪录,在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置上打出了730.3枚戒指。
In August 2008, she pocketed a gold medal and broke the Olympic record with 690. 4 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她获得了一枚金牌,打破了奥运纪录,在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置上打出了690.4枚戒指。
In August 2008, she pocketed a gold medal and broke the Olympic record with 690. 2 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置上扣下一枚金牌,打破了奥运纪录,打破了690.2枚戒指。
In August 2008, she pocketed a gold medal and broke the Olympic record with 690. 6 rings in the 50-m sports rifle three positions.
2008年8月,她在50米长的体育步枪的3个位置上扣下一枚金牌,打破了奥运会纪录,690.6枚戒指。
In August 2012, after a serious failure at the Rondon Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Shooting Sport Federation.
2012年8月,在荣登奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际射击体育联合会。
In July 2012, after a serious failure at the Rondon Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Shooting Sport Federation.
2012年7月,在荣登奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际射击体育联合会。
In September 2012, after a serious failure at the Rondon Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Shooting Sport Federation.
2012年9月,在荣登奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际射击体育联合会。
In October 2012, after a serious failure at the Rondon Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Shooting Sport Federation.
2012年10月,在荣登奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际射击体育联合会。
In June 2012, after a serious failure at the Rondon Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Shooting Sport Federation.
2012年6月,在荣登奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际射击体育联合会。
In May 2012, after a serious failure at the Rondon Olympic Games, Du Li announced the application for a temporary retirement to the International Shooting Sport Federation.
2012年5月,在荣登奥运会严重失败后,杜力宣布暂时退出国际射击体育联合会。
In January 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2015年1月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
In February 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2015年2月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
In March 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2015年3月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
In April 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2015年4月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
In May 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2015年5月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
In July 2015, Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics.
2015年7月,杜力宣布重返国家队,开始训练和筹备里约奥运会。
In March 2016, at the end of the Rio Olympic qualifying session, she regained the women's 10-meter air rifle qualification for the Olympic Games after a time interval of 8 years.
2016年3月,在里约奥运会资格赛结束时,她经过8年的间隔,重新获得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
In June 2016, at the end of the Rio Olympic qualifying session, she regained the women's 10-meter air rifle qualification for the Olympic Games after a time interval of 8 years.
2016年6月,在里约奥运会资格赛结束时,她经过8年的间隔,重新获得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
In February 2016, at the end of the Rio Olympic qualifying session, she regained the women's 10-meter air rifle qualification for the Olympic Games after a time interval of 8 years.
2016年2月,在里约奥运会资格赛结束时,她经过8年的间隔,重新获得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
In May 2016, at the end of the Rio Olympic qualifying session, she regained the women's 10-meter air rifle qualification for the Olympic Games after a time interval of 8 years.
2016年5月,在里约奥运会资格赛结束时,她经过8年的间隔,重新获得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
In July 2016, at the end of the Rio Olympic qualifying session, she regained the women's 10-meter air rifle qualification for the Olympic Games after a time interval of 8 years.
2016年7月,在里约奥运会资格赛结束时,她经过8年的间隔,重新获得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
In August 2016, at the end of the Rio Olympic qualifying session, she regained the women's 10-meter air rifle qualification for the Olympic Games after a time interval of 8 years.
2016年8月,在里约奥运会资格赛结束时,她经过8年的间隔,重新获得了女子10米气步枪的奥运会资格。
On August 6, 2016, Du Li won a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,杜力在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛中夺得207枚银牌。
On September 6, 2016, Du Li won a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年9月6日,杜力在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛中夺得207枚银牌。
On August 6, 2016, Du Li won a bronze medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,杜丽在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛中获得了207枚铜牌。
On August 6, 2016, Du Li won a silver medal with 207 rings at the women's 10-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,杜力在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛中夺得207枚银牌。
On August 6, 2016, Du Li won the silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,杜力在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛中夺得207枚银牌。
On August 6, 2016, Zhang Li won a silver medal with 207 rings in the women's 10-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月6日,张力在里约奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛中夺得207枚银牌。
On August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她在里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪比赛中获得铜牌。
On September 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年9月12日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪比赛的铜牌。
On August 12, 2016, she won the silver medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她在里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪比赛中获得了银牌。
On August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 10-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她赢得了里约奥运会女子10米气步枪比赛的铜牌。
On August 12, 2016, she won the bronze medal at the women's 50-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月12日,她在里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪比赛中获得铜牌。
On August 8, 2016, she won the bronze medal in the women's 50-meter air rifle game of the Rio Olympic Games.
2016年8月8日,她赢得了里约热内卢奥运会女子50米气步枪比赛的铜牌。
The film is expected to premiere on CCTV and Letv early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,还将首次推出一部VR全景纪录片。
The film is expected to premiere on CCTV and Letv late next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年晚些时候在央视和莱特夫上映,还将首次推出一部VR全景纪录片。
The film is expected to premiere on CCTV and Letv early next year. A ADR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,并将首次推出ADR全景纪录片。
The series is expected to premiere on CCTV and Letv early next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
该系列预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,还将首次推出VR全景纪录片版本。
The film is expected to premiere on CCTV and Letv in next year. A VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年在央视和莱特夫首映,一部VR全景纪录片也将首次推出。
The film is expected to premiere on CCTV and Letv early next year. The VR panoramic documentary version will also be launched for the first time.
这部电影预计将于明年年初在央视和莱特夫上映,VR全景纪录片也将首次推出。
The documentary " Extreme Road " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
纪录片《极端道路》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合和西藏与世界互动的故事。
The documentary " Extreme Road " is a large-scale work which focuses on the world's third pole, the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
纪录片《极端道路》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合和西藏与世界互动的故事。
The documentary " Extreme Road " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world through a new perspective.
纪录片《极端道路》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,以藏族传统与现代世界的融合和西藏与世界的交流为主,以新的视角展现了藏族传统与现代世界的融合和西藏与世界的相互影响。
The documentary " Extreme Road " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world in a new perspective.
纪录片《极端道路》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界的融合和西藏与世界的相互影响。
The documentary " Extreme Road " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition and the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world with a new perspective.
纪录片《极端道路》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,以新视角讲述了西藏传统与现代世界的融合和西藏与世界的相互影响。
The documentary " Extreme Road " is a large-scale work that focuses on the world's third pole, the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. It tells a story for the integration of Tibetan tradition with the modern world and the interaction between Tibet and the world from a new perspective.
纪录片《极端道路》以世界第三极青藏高原为主,从新角度讲述了西藏传统与现代世界融合和西藏与世界互动的故事。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " sense and this also leads to a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”的感觉,这也会导致拍摄过程的更高要求。
The major advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " sense and this also leads to a higher request for the shooting process.
VR工作的主要优点是让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”的感觉,这也会导致拍摄过程的更高要求。
The key advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " sense and this also leads to a higher request for the shooting process.
VR工作的关键优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”的感觉,这也会导致拍摄过程的更高要求。
The main advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " sense and this also leads to a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的主要优点是让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”的感觉,这也会导致拍摄过程的更高要求。
The primary advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " sense and this also leads to a higher request for the shooting process.
VR作品的主要优点是让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”的感觉,这也会导致拍摄过程的更高要求。
The biggest advantage for VR works is to enable the audience to have a unique movie watching " immersion " sense and this also contributes to a higher request for the shooting process.
录像作品的最大优势在于让观众能够有一部独特的电影观看“沉浸”的感觉,这也促使拍摄过程的更高要求。
The production team of the " Extreme Road " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every viewing angle is impeccable and let the audiences feel as if they are personally on the scene.
《极限路》专辑的制作团队说,他们将保证每个观看角度都是无懈可击的,让观众觉得他们好像亲自到场了。
The technical team of the " Extreme Road " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every viewing angle is impeccable and let the audiences feel as if they are personally on the scene.
《极限路》专版技术小组说,他们将保证每个观看角度都是无懈可击的,让观众觉得他们好像亲自到场了。
The production team of the " Extreme Road " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that every viewing angle is impeccable and let the audiences feel as if they were personally on the scene.
《极限路》专辑的制作团队说,他们将保证每个观看角度都是无懈可击的,让观众觉得他们好像亲自到场了。
The production team of the " Extreme Road " Panorama VR special edition said that they will ensure that the viewing angle is impeccable and let the audiences feel as if they are personally on the scene.
《极限路》专版的制作团队说,他们将保证观看角度是无懈可击的,让观众觉得他们好像亲自到场了。
The production team of the " Extreme Road " Panorama VR special edition said that they would ensure that every viewing angle is impeccable and let the audiences feel as if they are personally on the scene.
《极限路》专辑的制作团队说,他们将保证每个观看角度都是无懈可击的,让观众觉得他们好像亲自到场了。
The production team of the " Extreme Road " Panorama VR special edition stated that they will ensure that every viewing angle is impeccable and let the audiences feel as if they are personally on the scene.
《极限路》特别版的制作团队表示,他们将确保每个观看角度都是无懈可击的,让观众觉得他们好像亲自到场了。
On August 11, the Yantai detachment of Shandong Armed Police Corps organized special war snipers to have jungle training in Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
8月11日,山东武装警察部队烟台分遣队在高温34摄氏度的昆山组织特种战争狙击手进行丛林训练。
On July 11, the Yantai detachment of Shandong Armed Police Corps organized special war snipers to have jungle training in Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
7月11日,山东武装警察部队烟台分遣队组织特种战狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山进行丛林训练。
On June 11, the Yantai detachment of Shandong Armed Police Corps organized special war snipers to have jungle training in Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
6月11日,山东武装警察部队烟台分遣队组织特种战狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山进行丛林训练。
On May 11, the Yantai detachment of Shandong Armed Police Corps organized special war snipers to have jungle training in Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
5月11日,山东武装警察部队烟台分遣队组织特种战争狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山进行丛林训练。
On October 11, the Yantai detachment of Shandong Armed Police Corps organized special war snipers to have jungle training in Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
10月11日,山东武装警察部队烟台分遣队组织特种战争狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山进行丛林训练。
On April 11, the Yantai detachment of Shandong Armed Police Corps organized special war snipers to have jungle training in Kunyu Mountain under the high temperature of 34 degrees Celsius.
4月11日,山东武装警察部队烟台分遣队组织特种战狙击手在高温34摄氏度的昆山进行丛林训练。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported missiles to Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet Union nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联向古巴运送导弹,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported missiles into Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet Union nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联向古巴运送导弹,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported missiles to Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet Union nuclear conflict.
在冷战期间,苏联向古巴运送导弹,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核冲突。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported missiles to Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet Union nuclear confrontation.
在冷战期间,苏联向古巴运送导弹,这几乎导致美国和苏联的核对抗。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported missiles to Cuba, which almost led to the Cuba-Soviet Union nuclear war.
在冷战期间,苏联向古巴运送导弹,这几乎导致古巴-苏联核战争。
During the Cold War, the Soviet Union transported missiles to Cuba, which almost led to the US-Soviet Union missile war.
在冷战期间,苏联向古巴运送导弹,这几乎导致美国和苏联的导弹战争。
This event was seen as the climax of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis ".
这一事件被视为冷战的高潮, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
The event was seen as the climax of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis ".
这一事件被视为冷战的高潮, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This incident was seen as the climax of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis ".
这一事件被视为冷战的高潮, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This episode was seen as the climax of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis ".
这一事件被视为冷战的高潮, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This event was viewed as the climax of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis ".
这一事件被视为冷战的高潮, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
This event is seen as the climax of the cold war, known as the " Cuban missile crisis ".
这一事件被视为冷战的高潮, 称为 “ 古巴导弹危机 ”.
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident was not been announced by researchers until August 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
And what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident was not been announced by researchers until August 9.
冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,对此人们所知甚少,研究者直到8月9日才宣布这一事件。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident was not been announced by researchers until July 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到7月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
However what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident was not been announced by researchers until August 9.
然而,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致了美国对苏联的核战争,直到8月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident was not been announced by researchers until October 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到10月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
But what is little known is that during the Cold War, a strong solar storm has almost led to a nuclear war of the United States against the Soviet Union. The incident was not been announced by researchers until April 9.
但鲜为人知的是,冷战期间,强烈的太阳风暴几乎导致美国对苏联发动核战争,直到4月9日,研究者才宣布这一事件。
On May 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military force in the Arctic.
1967年5月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国驻北极地区的军队的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
On April 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military force in the Arctic.
1967年4月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国驻北极地区的军队的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
On October 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military force in the Arctic.
1967年10月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国驻北极地区的军队的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
On July 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military force in the Arctic.
1967年7月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国驻北极地区的军队的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
On March 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military force in the Arctic.
1967年3月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国驻北极地区的军队的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
On June 23, 1967, a strong solar storm caused strong interference to the radar and radio communications of the US military force in the Arctic.
1967年6月23日,强烈的太阳风暴对美国驻北极地区的军队的雷达和无线电通信造成强烈干扰。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
The radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
These radars formed part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US, responsible for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,负责监视苏联导弹。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning network of the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹预警网络的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
These radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system for the US, used for monitoring Soviet missiles.
这些雷达是美国弹道导弹早期预警系统的一部分,用于监视苏联导弹。
This paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
本文由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
The paper was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
文章由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This study was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
这项研究是由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写的,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This article was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
科罗拉多大学的研究人员写了这篇文章,他采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
This paper was authored by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
科罗拉多大学的研究人员对参与太阳活动预测和分析的美国军事人员进行了采访,并审查了非机密文件。
This report was written by researchers at the University of Colorado, who interviewed US military personnel involved in the forecasting and analysis of solar activity and reviewed non-confidential documents.
该报告是由科罗拉多大学的研究人员撰写的,他们采访了美国参与太阳活动预测和分析的军事人员,并审查了非机密文件。
The paper said that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching a nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters flying in the sky with nuclear warheads.
白皮书说,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机携带核弹头在空中飞行。
The article said that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching a nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters flying in the sky with nuclear warheads.
文章说,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机携带核弹头在空中飞行。
The paper said that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching a nuclear war, the US Air Force had always had some fighters flying in the sky with nuclear warheads.
白皮书说,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机携带核弹头在空中飞行。
The paper said that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching a nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters flying in the sky carrying nuclear warheads.
白皮书说,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机在空中携带核弹头。
The report said that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly launching a nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters flying in the sky with nuclear warheads.
报告说,在20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然发动核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机携带核弹头在空中飞行。
The paper said that in the 1960s, in order to prevent the Soviet Union from suddenly declaring a nuclear war, the US Air Force has always had some fighters flying in the sky with nuclear warheads.
白皮书说,20世纪60年代,为了防止苏联突然宣布核战争,美国空军一直有一些战斗机携带核弹头在空中飞行。
US military commanders did not know that the chief culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国军事指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US air commanders did not know that the chief culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国空军指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US fighter commanders did not know that the chief culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国战斗机指挥官并不知道干涉的主犯是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US military commanders did not know that the main culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国军事指挥官并不知道干涉的主要罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
Soviet military commanders did not know that the chief culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
苏联军事指挥官并不知道干涉的罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
US military commanders did not know that the real culprit of the interference was the solar storm rather than the Soviet Union, so they ordered the fighters to enter combat readiness state.
美国军事指挥官并不知道干涉的真正罪魁祸首是太阳风暴而不是苏联,所以他们命令战斗机进入战备状态。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth during the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队在20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth in the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队在1950年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
However, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1950s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
然而,美国军队从20世纪50年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Fortunately, the US military force had started the study of solar activities and its electromagnetic interference to the Earth since the 1960s, it ultimately stopped this potential military conflict.
幸运的是,美国军队从20世纪60年代开始研究太阳活动及其对地球的电磁干扰,最终制止了这场潜在的军事冲突。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军航空气象处提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
Later, he summarized the data provided by the US Air Force Air Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军航空气象处提供的数据,并提交了一份详细的报告。
Finally, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
最后,他总结了美国空军航空气象处提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
There, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
他在报告中总结了美国空军航空气象处提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
Instead, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Weather Service and submitted a detailed report.
相反,他总结了美国空军航空气象处提供的信息,并提交了一份详细的报告。
Later, he summarized the information provided by the US Air Force Air Weather Service and issued a detailed report.
随后,他总结了美国空军航空气象处提供的信息,并发布了一份详细的报告。
The direct consequences of this solar storm was that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern since then and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方自那时起就将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The immediate consequences of this solar storm was that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern since then and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方自那时起就将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The major consequences of this solar storm was that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern since then and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的主要后果是,美国军方自那时起就将空间气象视为一个好斗的问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The main consequences of this solar storm was that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern since then and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的主要后果是,美国军方自那时起就将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The direct consequences of this solar storm is that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern since then and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方自那时起就将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
The direct consequences of this solar storm are that the US military has seen space weather as a combat concern since then and has built a stronger space weather forecast system.
这场太阳风暴的直接后果是,美国军方自那时起就将空间气象视为一个战斗问题,并建立了更强大的空间天气预报系统。
During routine travel, when citizens found that their cars were blocked by a strange vehicle and they failed to contact with the vehicle driver, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem.
在例行旅行中,当公民发现他们的汽车被一辆奇怪的车辆挡住,并且未能与车辆司机接触时,他们可以利用"Wechat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题。
On routine travel, when citizens found that their cars were blocked by a strange vehicle and they failed to contact with the vehicle driver, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem.
在例行旅行中,当公民发现他们的汽车被一辆奇怪的车辆挡住了,并且未能与车辆司机接触时,他们可以利用"Wechat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题。
In routine travel, when citizens found that their cars were blocked by a strange vehicle and they failed to contact with the vehicle driver, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem.
在例行旅行中,当公民发现他们的汽车被一辆奇怪的车辆挡住了,并且未能与车辆司机接触时,他们可以利用"Wechat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题。
During road travel, when citizens found that their cars were blocked by a strange vehicle and they failed to contact with the vehicle driver, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem.
在公路旅行中,当公民发现他们的汽车被一辆奇怪的车辆挡住,并且未能与车辆司机接触时,他们可以利用"Wechat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题。
During international travel, when citizens found that their cars were blocked by a strange vehicle and they failed to contact with the vehicle driver, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem.
在国际旅行中,当公民发现他们的汽车被一辆奇怪的车辆挡住了,并且未能与车辆司机接触时,他们可以利用"Wechat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题。
During routine travel, when citizens found that their vehicles were blocked by a strange vehicle and they failed to contact with the vehicle driver, they may use " WeChat vehicle moving " function to solve this problem.
在例行旅行中,当公民发现他们的车辆被一辆奇怪的车辆挡住,并且未能与车辆司机接触时,他们可以利用"Wechat车辆移动"功能来解决这个问题。
On August 11, the Xi'an traffic police's WeChat service account " Xi'an traffic police " launched the " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
8月11日,西安交通警察的WeChat服务账户 “ 西安交通警察 ” 推出了“WeChat车辆移动服务”.
On July 11, the Xi'an traffic police's WeChat service account " Xi'an traffic police " launched the " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
7月11日,西安交通警察的WeChat服务账户 “ 西安交通警察 ” 推出了“WeChat车辆行驶 ” 服务.
On June 11, the Xi'an traffic police's WeChat service account " Xi'an traffic police " launched the " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
6月11日,西安交通警察的WeChat服务账户 “ 西安交通警察 ” 推出了“WeChat车辆移动服务”.
On October 11, the Xi'an traffic police's WeChat service account " Xi'an traffic police " launched the " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
10月11日,西安交通警察的WeChat服务账户 “ 西安交通警察 ” 推出了“WeChat车辆移动服务”.
On December 11, the Xi'an traffic police's WeChat service account " Xi'an traffic police " launched the " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
12月11日,西安交通警察的WeChat服务账户 “ 西安交通警察 ” 推出了“WeChat车辆移动服务”.
On May 11, the Xi'an traffic police's WeChat service account " Xi'an traffic police " launched the " WeChat vehicle moving " service.
5月11日,西安交通警察的WeChat服务账户 “ 西安交通警察 ” 推出了“WeChat车辆移动服务”.
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were blocked by unfamiliar vehicles, the drivers of which are not at the scenes, they may solve the problems via the " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的汽车被不熟悉的车辆阻塞时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were blocked by unfamiliar vehicles, the drivers of which are not at the scenes, they may solve the problems through the " WeChat " function.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的汽车被不熟悉的车辆阻塞,司机不在现场时,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决这些问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were blocked by unfamiliar vehicles, the drivers of which are not at the scenes, they may solve the problems via the " WeChat " system.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的汽车被不熟悉的车辆阻塞,司机不在现场时,他们可以通过"WeChat"系统解决这些问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were blocked by unfamiliar vehicles, the drivers of which are not at the scenes, they may solve the problems via the " WeChat " service.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的汽车被不熟悉的车辆阻塞时,司机不在现场,他们可以通过"WeChat"服务解决这些问题。
Since the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were blocked by unfamiliar vehicles, the drivers of which are not at the scenes, they may solve the problems via the " WeChat " function.
自从这项服务开始以来,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的汽车被不熟悉的车辆阻塞,司机不在现场时,他们可以通过"WeChat"功能解决问题。
After the launching of this service, during daily life, when the citizens found their cars were blocked by unfamiliar vehicles, the drivers of which are not at the scenes, they may solve the problems via the " WeChat " platform.
在这项服务启动后,在日常生活中,当公民发现他们的汽车被不熟悉的车辆阻塞,司机不在现场时,他们可以通过"WeChat"平台解决问题。
The new service function has many advantages : first of all, it is fast and can save administrative costs ; secondly, it respects and protects the privacy of citizens ; and thirdly, it is all-weather, around-the-clock service.
新的服务功能有许多优点:第一,它快捷,可以节省管理费用;第二,它尊重和保护公民的隐私;第三,它是全天候、全天候的服务。
This new service function has many advantages : first of all, it is fast and can save administrative costs ; secondly, it respects and protects the privacy of citizens ; and thirdly, it is all-weather, around-the-clock service.
这个新服务功能有很多优点:第一,它快捷,可以节省管理费用;第二,它尊重和保护公民的隐私;第三,它是全天候、全天候的服务。
The new service function has several advantages : first of all, it is fast and can save administrative costs ; secondly, it respects and protects the privacy of citizens ; and thirdly, it is all-weather, around-the-clock service.
新的服务功能有几个优点:一是快捷快捷,可以节省管理费用;二是尊重和保护公民的隐私;三是全天候全天候全天候服务。
The new service function has many advantages : first of all, it is fast and can save administrative costs ; secondly, it respects and protects the privacy of citizens ; and thirdly, it is all-weather, round-the-clock service.
新的服务功能有很多优点:第一,快捷快捷,可以节省管理费用;第二,尊重并保护公民的隐私;第三,全天候、全天候服务。
The new service function has many advantages : first of all, it is fast and will save administrative costs ; secondly, it respects and protects the privacy of citizens ; and thirdly, it is all-weather, around-the-clock service.
新的服务功能有许多优点:首先,它快捷,可以节省管理费用;其次,它尊重并保护公民的隐私;第三,它是全天候的全天候服务。
The new service function has three advantages : first of all, it is fast and can save administrative costs ; secondly, it respects and protects the privacy of citizens ; and thirdly, it is all-weather, around-the-clock service.
新的服务功能有三个优点:一是快捷快捷,可以节省管理费用;二是尊重和保护公民的隐私;三是全天候全天候全天候服务。
Citizens can operate on it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such a method enables the both sides to " meet " in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以相当方便地使用WeChat,这种方式使双方能够友好、轻松地"会面",缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
People can operate on it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such a method enables the both sides to " meet " in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
人们可以很方便地使用WeChat,这样一来,双方都可以轻松友好地“会面”,减轻和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate on it very conveniently with their WeChat. Such a method enables the both sides to " meet " in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以非常方便地使用WeChat,这种方式使双方能够友好、轻松地"会面",缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate on it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such a method allows the both sides to " meet " in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以相当方便地使用他们的WeChat,这种方式使双方能够友好、轻松地"会面",缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate on it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such a method enables the both sides to " meet " in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the problem of difficulty of parking and decreases the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以相当方便地使用WeChat,这种方式使双方能够友好、轻松地"会面",缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
Citizens can operate on it quite conveniently with their WeChat. Such a method enables the both sides to " meet " in a friendly and easy way and alleviates and solves the issue of difficulty of parking and reduces the occurrence rate of car-related public security cases.
公民可以相当方便地使用WeChat,这种方式使双方能够友好、轻松地"会面",缓解和解决停车困难问题,降低与汽车有关的公共安全案件的发生率。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, the Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管制部门表示,交通警察将根据实际情况采取不同的处理措施。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, the Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police would take different measures to handle based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管制部门表示,根据实际情况,交通警察会采取不同的处理措施。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, the Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police should take different measures to handle based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管理部门表示,交通警察应根据实际情况采取不同的处理措施。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking or obstruction, the Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police must take different measures to handle based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管理部门表示,交通警察应根据实际情况采取不同的处理措施。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move and have illegal parking and obstruction, the Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动和有非法泊车和障碍的人,西安交通管制部门表示,交通警察将根据实际情况采取不同的处理措施。
On the other hand, for those who refuse to move or have illegal parking or obstruction, the Xi'an traffic control department said the traffic police will take different measures to handle based on the actual situation.
另一方面,对于拒绝移动或有非法泊车或障碍的人,西安交通管制部门表示,交通警察将根据实际情况采取不同的处理措施。
More than 10 young workers of Shangluo Power Supply Company came to the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County to launch activities for the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival themes on August 9.
8月9日,上露电力供应公司的10多名年轻员工来到丹凤县迪华市文化旅游景点,开展“古镇电力引进”和“七七重庆”等活动。
More than 10 young workers of Shangluo Power Supply Company came to the Yuhua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County to launch activities for the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival themes on August 9.
8月9日,上露电力供应公司的10多名年轻员工来到丹凤县雨化市文化旅游景点,开展“古镇电力引进”和“七七重庆”等活动。
More than 10 young workers of Shangluo Power Supply Company came to the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Dongfeng County to launch activities for the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival themes on August 9.
8月9日,上露电力供应公司的10多名年轻员工来到东风县迪华市文化旅游景点,开展“古镇电力引进”和“七七重庆”等活动。
More than 10 young workers of Shangluo Power Supply Company came to the Longhua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County to launch activities for the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival themes on August 9.
8月9日,上露电力供应公司的10多名年轻员工来到丹凤县龙华镇文化旅游景点,开展“古镇电力引进”和“七七重庆”等活动。
More than 10 young workers of Shangluo Power Supply Company came to the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County to launch activities for the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival themes on October 9.
十月九日,上露电力供应公司的十多名年轻员工来到丹凤县迪华市文化旅游景点,开展“古城电传”和“七七重庆”等活动。
More than 10 young workers of Shangluo Power Supply Company came to the Dihua town cultural tourism scenic spots of Danfeng County to launch activities for the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival themes on November 9.
上露电力供应公司的10多名年轻员工来到丹凤县迪华市文化旅游景点,于11月9日推出“古城电力引进”和“七七重庆”等活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company's Danfeng County branch works with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上罗电力供应公司的丹凤县分公司致力于精神文明建设,积极组织“古镇电业介绍”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
Mengluo Power Supply Company's Danfeng County branch works with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
孟鹿电力供应公司的丹凤县分公司致力于精神文明建设,积极组织“古镇电传”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
Dangluo Power Supply Company's Danfeng County branch works with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
唐鲁电力供应公司的丹凤县分公司致力于精神文明建设,积极组织“古镇电传”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
Rongluo Power Supply Company's Danfeng County branch works with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
荣露电力供应公司的丹凤县分公司致力于精神文明建设,积极组织“古城电传”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
Shangluo Power Supply Company's Dongfeng County branch works with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
上露电力供应公司的东风县分公司致力于精神文明建设,积极组织“古镇电传”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
Pengluo Power Supply Company's Danfeng County branch works with the construction of spiritual civilization, and actively organizes the " electricity introduction in the ancient town " and Double Seventh Festival theme activities.
蓬罗电力供应公司的丹凤县分公司致力于精神文明建设,积极组织“古镇电传”和“七七重阳节”主题活动。
" We spend most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends, " said staff members who participated in the activities.
“我们大部分时间都花在工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天,”参加活动的员工说。
" We spend most of our time on work and study, so we lack time or platform to chat with my colleagues and friends, " said staff members who participated in the activities.
“我们大部分时间都花在工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间或平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天,”参加活动的员工说。
" We spend most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends, " stated staff members who participated in the activities.
“我们把大部分时间都花在工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天,”参加这些活动的工作人员说。
" We spend most of our time on work or study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends, " said staff members who participated in the activities.
“我们大部分时间都花在工作或学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天,”参加活动的员工说。
" We spend most of our time in work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with my colleagues and friends, " said staff members who participated in the activities.
“我们大部分时间都花在工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台来和我的同事和朋友聊天,”参加活动的员工说。
" We spend most of our time on work and study, so we lack time and platform to chat with our colleagues and friends, " said staff members who participated in the activities.
“我们大部分时间都花在工作和学习上,因此我们缺乏时间和平台与同事和朋友聊天,”参加活动的员工说。
" This time the company provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it. It's meaningful and interesting. "
这一次,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐和和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它。它有意义和有趣。
" Each time the company provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it. It's meaningful and interesting. "
每一次公司给我们提供如此轻松、快乐和和谐的平台,我真的很喜欢它。它有意义和有趣。
" Over time the company provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it. It's meaningful and interesting. "
随着时间的推移,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐和和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它。它有意义和有趣。
" This time the company provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it. It's meaningful and exciting. "
这一次,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐和和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它。它有意义和令人兴奋。
" This time the company provided us with quite a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it. It's meaningful and interesting. "
这一次,公司为我们提供了一个相当轻松、快乐和和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它。它有意义和有趣。
" This time the company provided us with such a relaxed, happy and harmonious platform. I really like it. It's meaningful and fun. "
这一次,公司为我们提供了一个如此轻松、快乐和和谐的平台。我真的很喜欢它。它有意义和有趣。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim from youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange more with other young people.
复式七节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的赞誉,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim from youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company will later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange more with other young people.
春节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的赞誉,希望公司日后能组织此类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim from youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and improve communication and exchange more with other young people.
复式七节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年员工的好评,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的沟通与交流。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim from youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and increase communication and exchange more with other young people.
复式七节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的赞誉,希望公司日后能组织这类活动,增加与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have gained wide acclaim from youth staff at the scene. They hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange more with other young people.
春节主题活动在现场得到了广大青年工作人员的好评,希望公司日后能组织此类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Double Seventh Festival theme activities have won wide acclaim from youth staff at the scene. Many hope that the company would later organize such activities, and strengthen communication and exchange more with other young people.
复式七节主题活动在现场赢得了广大青年工作人员的赞誉,许多人希望公司日后能组织这类活动,加强与其他青年的交流与交流。
Nadal, a famous Spanish athlete and a men's singles champion at Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and also qualified for the final in the men's double.
纳达尔是一位著名的西班牙运动员,也是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败了对手,在男子单打中名列前8,并在男子双打中获得决赛资格。
Nadal, a famous Spanish athlete and a men's singles champion in Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and also qualified for the final in the men's double.
纳达尔是一位著名的西班牙运动员,也是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败了对手,在男子单打中名列前8,在男子双打中也获得决赛资格。
Nadal, a famous Spanish athlete and a men's singles champion at Beijing Olympic Games, defeated its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and also qualified for the final in the men's double.
纳达尔是一位著名的西班牙运动员,也是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败了对手,在男子单打中名列前8,并在男子双打中获得决赛资格。
Nadal, a famous Spanish athlete and a men's singles champion at Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the last eight in men's single and also qualified for the final in the men's double.
纳达尔是一位著名的西班牙运动员,也是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败对手,在男子单打中名列最后八,在男子双打中也获得决赛资格。
Nadal, a famous Spanish athlete and a men's singles champion at Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the final eight in men's single and also qualified for the final in the men's double.
纳达尔是一位著名的西班牙运动员,也是北京奥运会男子单人冠军,他击败对手,以男子单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人单人
Nadal, a famous Argentine athlete and a men's singles champion at Beijing Olympic Games, beat its opponent and advanced to the top eight in men's single and also qualified for the final in the men's double.
纳达尔是一名著名的阿根廷运动员,也是北京奥运会男子单打冠军,他击败对手,在男子单打中名列前8,并在男子双打中获得决赛资格。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出特别的偏好,那达尔一击就大获全胜。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. An unhealed Nadal struck and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出了特殊的偏好,一个未痊愈的纳达尔击球并获得了巨大的收益。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal dominated and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出特别的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔统治着奥运,并获得了巨大的收益。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal won and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出特殊的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔赢得了巨大的胜利。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal entered and made a huge gain.
大满贯金牌得主纳达尔对奥运会表现出特殊的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔进场并获得了巨大的收益。
Nadal, the grand slam gold winner, shows special preference to the Olympic Games. The unhealed Nadal played and made a huge gain.
大满贯的金牌赢家纳达尔对奥运会表现出了特殊的偏好,这位未痊愈的纳达尔球员踢球并赚了大钱。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian player Tecau and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚选手特考和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian player Bacau and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚选手巴考和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Brazilian player Tecau and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与巴西选手特考和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez also compete for gold medals with Romanian player Tecau and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹也在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚选手特考和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez would compete for gold medals with Romanian player Tecau and Meggia in the men's doubles final.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打决赛中与罗马尼亚选手特考和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
He and his teammate Lopez will compete for gold medals with Romanian player Tecau and Meggia in the men's doubles competition.
他和他的队友洛佩兹将在男子双打比赛中与罗马尼亚选手特考和梅吉亚争夺金牌。
Rio Olympic women's singles game witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seeded players. After a few days of intense competition, the top four players of women's singles were finalized on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运会女子单打赛中,许多种子球员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打的四大球员于本月第11日最终确定。
Rio Olympic women's singles game witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seeded players. After a few days of intense competition, the top four players of women's singles was finalized on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运会女子单打赛中,许多种子球员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打的四大球员于本月第11日最终确定。
Rio Olympic women's singles game witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seeded players. Following a few days of intense competition, the top four players of women's singles were finalized on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运会女子单打赛中,许多种子球员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打的四大球员于本月第11日最终确定。
Rio Olympic men's singles game witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seeded players. After a few days of intense competition, the top four players of women's singles were finalized on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运会男子单打赛中,许多种子球员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打的四大球员于本月第11日最终确定。
Rio Olympic women's singles game witnessed the withdrawal of a number of seeded players. After a few days of intense competition, the top eight players of women's singles were finalized on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运会女子单打赛中,许多种子球员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,8名女子单打冠军于本月第11日最终确定。
Rio Olympic women's singles game witnessed the withdrawal of a couple of seeded players. After a few days of intense competition, the top four players of women's singles were finalized on 11th day of the month.
里约奥运会女子单打赛中,两名种子球员退出了比赛,经过几天的激烈竞争,女子单打的四大球员于本月第11日决赛。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final ticket and another final ticket winner will be determined between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普格争夺最终的票,而另一张最终的票将在基思和科布尔之间确定。
Cvitova will compete with Pugue for a final ticket and another final ticket winner will be determined between Keith and Kobel.
奇维托娃将与普格争夺最终的票,而另一张最终的票将在基思和科布尔之间确定。
Kvitova will compete with Pugue for a final ticket and another final ticket winner will be determined between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普格争夺最终的票,而另一张最终的票将在基思和科布尔之间确定。
Covitova will compete with Pugue for a final ticket while another final ticket winner will be determined between Keith and Kobel.
科维托娃将与普格争夺最终的票,而最后的票将确定基思和科比。
Covastova will compete with Pugue for a final ticket and another final ticket winner will be determined between Keith and Kobel.
科瓦斯托娃将与普格争夺最终的票,而另一张最终的票将在基思和科布尔之间确定。
Svitova will compete with Pugue for a final ticket and another final ticket winner will be determined between Keith and Kobel.
斯维托娃将与普格争夺最终的票,而另一张最终的票将在基思和科布尔之间确定。
The top four players of the women's doubles are also announced, with the following confrontations in the semifinals : Hingis / Bacsinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打的四位顶级选手也被宣布,在半决赛中出现下列对抗:辛吉斯/巴辛斯基对赫拉瓦科娃的比赛;马卡罗娃对斯特里克尔·科娃/萨法罗娃的比赛。
The top three players of the women's doubles are also announced, with the following confrontations in the semifinals : Hingis / Bacsinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打的三名顶级球员也被宣布,在半决赛中出现下列对抗:辛吉斯/巴辛斯基对赫拉瓦科娃的比赛;马卡罗娃/威斯康星对斯特里克·科娃/萨法罗娃的比赛。
The first four players of the women's doubles are also announced, with the following confrontations in the semifinals : Hingis / Bacsinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打的前四名队员也被宣布,在半决赛中出现下列对抗:辛吉斯/巴辛斯基对赫拉瓦科娃和赫拉瓦科娃;马卡罗娃/威斯康星对斯特里克尔·科娃和萨法罗娃。
The final four players of the women's doubles are also announced, with the following confrontations in the semifinals : Hingis / Bacsinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打决赛的四名选手也宣布了,在半决赛中出现了下列对抗:辛吉斯/巴辛斯基对赫拉瓦科娃的比赛;马卡罗娃/威斯康星州对斯特里克尔·科娃/萨法罗娃的比赛。
The top four players of the women's doubles were also announced, with the following confrontations in the semifinals : Hingis / Bacsinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打的四位顶级选手也被宣布,在半决赛中出现了下列对抗:辛吉斯/巴辛斯基对赫拉瓦科娃的比赛;马卡罗娃/威斯康辛对斯特里克·科娃/萨法罗娃的比赛。
The top four players of the women's doubles are also announced, including the following confrontations in the semifinals : Hingis / Bacsinsky vs. Hradeca / Heravacova ; Makarova / Wisconsin vs. Stryker Kova / Safarova.
女子双打的前四名球员也宣布了,其中包括半决赛中的下列对决:辛吉斯/巴辛斯基对赫拉瓦科娃的对决;马卡罗娃对斯特里克尔·科娃/萨法罗娃的对决。
The top eight are also announced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of number one Ma Hu / Garcia seed combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
排名前八的同一天在混合双打中宣布,但排名第一的马湖加西亚种子组合的失败和纳托组合的退出胜过混合双打。
The top eight were also announced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of number one Ma Hu / Garcia seed combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
排名前八的同一天在混合双打中宣布,但排名第一的马湖加西亚种子组合的失败和纳托组合的退出胜过混合双打。
The final eight are also announced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of number one Ma Hu / Garcia seed combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
决赛八人在同一天在混合双打中宣布,但第一名马湖加西亚种子组合的失败和纳托组合的退出胜过混合双打。
The top eight are also announced in the mixed doubles on the same day, where the defeat of number one Ma Hu / Garcia seed combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
排名前八的同一天在混合双打中宣布,排名第一的马湖加西亚种子组合的失败和纳托组合的退出胜过混合双打。
The top eight are also announced in the mixed doubles on the same day, but the defeat of number two Ma Hu / Garcia seed combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
排名前八的同一天在混合双打中宣布,但第二名马湖加西亚种子组合的失败和纳托组合的退出胜过混合双打。
The top eight are also announced in the mixed doubles on the same day, as the defeat of number one Ma Hu / Garcia seed combination and the withdrawal of Natto combination outshone the mixed doubles.
排名前八的同一天在混合双打中宣布,第一名马湖加西亚种子组合的失败和纳托组合的退出胜过混合双打。
On April 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年4月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
On March 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年3月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
On June 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年6月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
On February 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年2月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
On May 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年5月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
On July 27, 2015, the United States and Japan jointly issued a new version of " US-Japan defense cooperation guidelines " in New York, allowing the Japanese armed forces to play a more offensive role in the world.
2015年7月27日,美国和日本在纽约联合发布了新版的《美日防务合作准则》,允许日本军队在世界中发挥更加进攻性的作用。
US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japanese Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York on that day.
当天,美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田将军出席了纽约的记者招待会。
US Treasury Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japanese Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York on that day.
当天,美国财政部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田中雄将军出席了纽约的记者招待会。
US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japanese Minister of Defence Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York on that day.
当天,美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田将军出席了纽约的记者招待会。
US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Yoshida and Japanese Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York on that day.
当天,美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣吉田丰夫和日本国防部长中田将军出席了纽约的记者招待会。
US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida and Japanese Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York later that day.
当天晚些时候,美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本外务大臣岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田将军出席了纽约记者招待会。
US Defense Secretary Carter, US Secretary of State Kerry, Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida and Japanese Minister of Defense Gen Nakatani attended the press conference in New York on that day.
当天,美国国防部长卡特、美国国务卿克里、日本首相岸田丰夫和日本国防部长中田将军出席了纽约的记者招待会。
This is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth issue of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日军评估报告和第四期英文版。
This marks the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth issue of the English version.
这标志着中国民间智囊团第五次发表日本军事评估报告和第四期英文版。
This is the fourth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth issue of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第四次发表日军评估报告和第四期英文版。
This is the third time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth issue of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第三次发表日军评估报告和第四期英文版。
This was the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth issue of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日军评估报告和第四期英文版。
It is the fifth time that China's civilian think tank has published the Japanese military assessment report and the fourth issue of the English version.
这是中国民间智囊团第五次发表日军评估报告和第四期英文版。
The report is divided into nine chapters, including overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分九章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report is divided into nine chapters, including overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and ammunition, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分9章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器和弹药、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report is divided into eight chapters, including overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分八章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report is divided into ten chapters, including overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
报告共分十章,包括总体政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等。
The report is divided into nine chapters, including overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and equipment, defense system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
全文分为政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器装备、国防体制改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等九章。
The report is divided into nine chapters, including overall policy adjustment, military strength, defense budget, military deployment, weapons and technology, military system reform, military training, foreign military security cooperation and military security relations with China and so on.
全文分为政策调整、军力、国防预算、军事部署、武器技术、军事系统改革、军事训练、对外军事安全合作、与中国的军事安全关系等九章。
According to the report, the year 2015 is the last year of the Abe government's multiple-year push to promote major policy adjustments in the security field.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府多年来推动安全领域重大政策调整的最后一年。
According to the report, the year 2014 is the last year of the Abe government's multiple-year push to promote major policy adjustments in the security field.
报告称,2014年是安倍政府多年来推动安全领域重大政策调整的最后一年。
According to the report, the year 2016 is the last year of the Abe government's multiple-year push to promote major policy adjustments in the security field.
报告称,2016年是安倍政府多年来推动安全领域重大政策调整的最后一年。
According to the report, the year 2015 is the last year of the Abe government's five-year push to promote major policy adjustments in the security field.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府5年来推动安全领域重大政策调整的最后一年。
According to the report, the year 2013 is the last year of the Abe government's multiple-year push to promote major policy adjustments in the security field.
报告称,2013年是安倍政府多年来推动安全领域重大政策调整的最后一年。
According to the report, the year 2015 is the last year of the Abe government's three-year push to promote major policy adjustments in the security field.
报告称,2015年是安倍政府3年来推动安全领域重大政策调整的最后一年。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational levels, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
自那时起,日本在安全领域的举措将主要体现在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security would be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational levels, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
自那时起,日本在安全领域的举措将主要体现在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other functional levels, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
自那时起,日本在安全领域的举措将主要体现在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他职能层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other organizational levels, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
自那时起,日本在安全领域的举措将主要体现在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他组织层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
Since then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security should be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational levels, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
自那时起,日本在安全领域的举措应主要在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
From then, Japan's initiatives in the field of security will be mainly in the legal system, strategy implementation, policy implementation and other operational levels, rather than the substantial adjustments and changes of framework, mechanisms and policies.
从那时起,日本在安全领域的举措将主要体现在法律制度、战略执行、政策执行和其他业务层面,而不是框架、机制和政策的重大调整和改变。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to achieve the promotion of Japan's " state normalization " via the above-mentioned three breakthroughs and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Japan-US alliance, prevent the rise of China and restrain China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图通过上述三个突破和民兵出面干涉国际安全事务、加强日美同盟、防止中国崛起和遏制中国,来推动日本的“国家正常化”。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to achieve the promotion of Japan's " state normalization " through the above-mentioned three breakthroughs and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Japan-US alliance, prevent the rise of China and restrain China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图通过上述三个突破和民兵出面干预国际安全事务、加强日美同盟、防止中国崛起和遏制中国,从而促进日本的“国家正常化”。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to achieve the promotion of Japan's " state normalization " via the above-mentioned three breakthroughs and the going-in of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Japan-US alliance, prevent the rise of China and restrain China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图通过上述三个突破和民兵介入国际安全事务、加强日美同盟、防止中国崛起和遏制中国等措施,促进日本的“国家正常化”。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to achieve the promotion of Japan's " state normalization " via the above-mentioned three breakthroughs and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Japan-US alliance, prevent the rise of China or restrain China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图通过上述三个突破和民兵出面干预国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起或遏制中国,从而促进日本的“国家正常化”。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet sought to achieve the promotion of Japan's " state normalization " via the above-mentioned three breakthroughs and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Japan-US alliance, prevent the rise of China and restrain China.
报告强调,安倍内阁寻求通过上述三个突破和民兵出面干涉国际安全事务、加强日美同盟、防止中国崛起和遏制中国,从而促进日本的“国家正常化”。
The report emphasized that the Abe Cabinet tried to achieve the promotion of Japan's " state normalization " via the above-mentioned three breakthroughs and the going-out of militia to intervene in international security affairs, strengthen the Japanese-US alliance, prevent the rise of China and restrain China.
报告强调,安倍内阁试图通过上述三个突破和民兵出面干涉国际安全事务,加强日美同盟,防止中国崛起,遏制中国,从而促进日本的“国家正常化”。
Previously, the China Strategy Culture Promotion Association had released such Japanese military assessment reports on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进协会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
Previously, the China Strategy Culture Promotion Association had released such Japanese military assessment reports on July 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进协会于2012年7月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
Previously, the China Strategy Culture Promotion Association had released such Japanese military assessment reports in June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进协会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
Previously, the China Strategy Culture Promotion Association had released such Japanese military assessment reports on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 22, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进协会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月22日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
Previously, the China Strategy Culture Promotion Association had released such Japanese military assessment reports on November 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 23, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进协会于2012年11月5日、7月19日、2013年7月23日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
Previously, the China Strategy Culture Promotion Association had released such Japanese military assessment reports on June 5, 2012, July 19, 2013, July 24, 2014 and June 30, 2015.
此前,中国战略文化促进协会于2012年6月5日、7月19日、2013年7月24日和2015年6月30日公布了日本军事评估报告。
The UK-based Financial Times on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of the US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》(Financial Times)8月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
The London-based Financial Times on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of the US ambassador to China.
总部位于伦敦的英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
The UK-based Financial Times on July 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of the US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》7月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
The UK-based Financial Times on September 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of the US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》(Financial Times)9月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
The UK-based Financial Times on October 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of the US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》(Financial Times)10月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
The UK-based Financial Times on April 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of the US ambassador to China.
英国《金融时报》(Financial Times)4月12日发布了美国驻华大使官邸的照片。
According to the article, in contrast, the American ambassador's residence can be used as safety house in the next movie adapted from a cold war spy novel of John le Carré in the view of the outlook.
相形之下,美国大使的住所可以作为下一个电影的安全屋,这部电影改编自约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说,从前景看。
According to the article, in contrast, the American ambassador's residence can be used as safety house in the next movie adapted from a cold war spy novel of John le Carré from the view of the outlook.
相形之下,美国大使的住所在下部影片中可以用作安全屋,这部影片改编自约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说。
According to the article, in contrast, the American ambassador's residence could be used as safety house in the next movie adapted from a cold war spy novel of John le Carré in the view of the outlook.
相形之下,美国大使的住所在下部影片中可以用作安全屋,这部影片改编自约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说,从前景来看。
According to the article, in contrast, the American ambassador's residence can be used as safety house in the next movie adapted from a cold war spy novel of John le Carré with the view of the outlook.
相形之下,美国大使的住所可以作为下一个影片的安全屋,这部影片改编自约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说,从前景看。
According to the article, in contrast, the American ambassador's residence will be used as safety house in the next movie adapted from a cold war spy novel of John le Carré in the view of the outlook.
相形之下,美国大使的官邸将被用作下一个电影的安全屋,这部电影改编自约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说,从前景看。
According to the article, in contrast, the American ambassador's residence can be used as safety house in the next film adapted from a cold war spy novel of John le Carré in the view of the outlook.
相形之下,美国大使的住所在下一部影片中可以用作安全屋,这部影片改编自约翰·勒卡雷的冷战间谍小说。
The mansion is gray and strongly fortified with peripheral fence, second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
大厦是灰色的,并用周边栅栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障加固。
The compound is gray and strongly fortified with peripheral fence, second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
复合材料是灰色的,并用周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障加固。
The area is gray and strongly fortified with peripheral fence, second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
该地区是灰色的,并用周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障加固。
The interior is gray and strongly fortified with peripheral fence, second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
内部是灰色的,并用周边栅栏、第二内部墙、带刺铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障加固。
The mansion is gray and strongly fortified with peripheral fence, second interior wall, barbed wire entanglements and vehicle roadblocks.
大厦是灰色的,并用周边围栏、第二内部墙、带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障加固。
The mansion is gray and well fortified with peripheral fence, second interior wall, barbed wire entanglement and vehicle roadblocks.
大厦是灰色的,有周围的栅栏,第二内部墙,带刺的铁丝网缠绕和车辆路障。
The Supplement of Public Sports Facilities
公共体育设施的补充
A Supplement of Public Sports Facilities
公共体育设施附设
and Supplement of Public Sports Facilities
及补充公众体育设施
The Supplement for Public Sports Facilities
公共体育设施补充条款
The Supplement to Public Sports Facilities
公共体育设施补充
The Suppression of Public Sports Facilities
取缔公众体育设施
A dark coal yard warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern stadium.
黑暗的煤场仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,红砖尖顶的工厂变成了一个现代化的体育场。
A large coal yard warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern stadium.
一个大型的煤场仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代化的体育场。
A old coal yard warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern stadium.
一座古老的煤场仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代化的体育场。
The dark coal yard warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern stadium.
黑暗的煤场仓库变成了一个“绿草”的足球场,红砖尖塔的工厂变成了一个现代化的体育场。
A converted coal yard warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern stadium.
一个转化成的煤场仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖顶植物变成了一个现代化的体育场。
A former coal yard warehouse is turned into a " green grass " football field while red brick spire plant is turned into a modern stadium.
从前的煤场仓库变成了一个“绿草”足球场,而红砖尖顶植物则变成了一个现代化的体育场。
Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, located outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil on the national fitness day.
位于杭州王江大门外的南罗美宁体育文化公园,在全民健身日揭开了神秘的面纱。
Dongluo Maying Sports Culture Park, located outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil on the national fitness day.
位于杭州王江大门外的东络梅宁体育文化公园,在全民健身日揭开了神秘的面纱。
Yangluo Maying Sports Culture Park, located outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil on the national fitness day.
位于杭州王江大门外的阳罗梅宁体育文化公园,在全民健身日揭开了神秘的面纱。
Nanguo Maying Sports Culture Park, located outside the Hangzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil on the national fitness day.
位于杭州王江大门外的南国五星体育文化公园,在全民健身日揭开了神秘的面纱。
Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, located outside the Hangzhou Jinjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil on the national fitness day.
位于杭州金江大门外的南罗美宁体育文化公园,在全民健身日揭开了神秘的面纱。
Nanluo Maying Sports Culture Park, located outside the Zhengzhou Wangjiang gate, unveiled its mysterious veil on the national fitness day.
位于郑州王江大门外的南罗美宁体育文化公园,在全民健身日揭开了神秘的面纱。
It was once a coal yard and had been idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
它曾经是一座煤场,在关闭后已经闲置了十多年,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
It was once a coal yard but had been idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
它曾经是煤场,但是在关闭后已经闲置了十多年,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
It was once a coal yard and had been idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage was left behind.
它曾经是一座煤场,在关闭后已经闲置了十多年,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
It was once a coal yard and had been idle for more than 20 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
它曾经是一座煤场,在关闭后已经闲置了20多年,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
It was once a coal yard and had been idle for more than ten years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
它曾经是一座煤场,在关闭后已经闲置了十多年,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
This was once a coal yard and had been idle for more than 10 years after its closure. A large number of illegal construction and garbage were left behind.
这曾经是一座煤场,在关闭后已经闲置了十多年,大量非法建筑和垃圾被抛在脑后。
After the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new sports venue for the national sports.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化公园,并于11月正式向公众开放,免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑还将为国家体育项目开辟新的体育场所。
After its renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new sports venue for the national sports.
改造后,它成为体育文化园区,并于11月正式向公众开放,免费提供体育场馆,此外,它无疑还将为国家体育项目开辟新的体育场馆。
Following the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new sports venue for the national sports.
改造完成后,它成为一个体育和文化公园,将于11月正式向公众开放,免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑还将为国家体育项目开辟一个新的体育场馆。
During the renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new sports venue for the national sports.
在翻修期间,它成为一个体育和文化公园,将于11月正式向公众免费提供体育场馆,此外,它无疑还将为国家体育馆开设新的体育场馆。
After the renovation, it became a sport and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new sports venue for the national sports.
改造完成后,它成为体育文化公园,并于11月正式向公众开放,免费提供体育场地,此外,它无疑还将为国家体育项目开辟新的体育场地。
After a renovation, it became a sports and cultural park, and will be officially opened in November to the public free of charge to provide sports venues. In addition, it would undoubtedly open up a new sports venue for the national sports.
经过改造,它成为体育文化园区,并于11月正式向公众开放,免费提供体育场馆,此外,它无疑还将为国家体育项目开辟新的体育场馆。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun Sports School, which is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, giving birth to several world champions.
这让人们想起了杭州陈景伦体育学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军事学院”,诞生了数位世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun Sports School, which is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, giving birth to many world champions.
这让人们想起了杭州陈景伦体育学校,这是中国游泳界的“黄埔军事学院”,诞生了很多世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun Sports School, which is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, giving birth to numerous world champions.
这让人们想起了杭州陈景伦体育学校,这是中国游泳界的一个“黄埔军事学院”,诞生了众多世界冠军。
This reminds people of Suzhou Chen Jinglun Sports School, which is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, giving birth to several world champions.
这提醒人们,苏州陈景伦体育学校是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军校”,诞生了数名世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Xilun Sports School, which is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, giving birth to several world champions.
这提醒人们杭州陈希伦体育学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军事学院”,诞生了数个世界冠军。
This reminds people of Hangzhou Chen Jinglun Swimming School, which is a " Whampoa Military Academy " in China's swimming world, giving birth to several world champions.
这让人们想起了杭州陈景伦游泳学校,这是中国游泳世界的“黄埔军事学院”,诞生了数名世界冠军。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base will be good for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,对竞技体育和全国性体育之间的关系做出生动的解释,为选择职业运动员提供更广阔的大众基础。
Swimming statistics will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base will be good for selecting professional players.
不断编制运动统计,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系进行生动的阐释,为选择职业运动员提供更广阔的群众基础。
Swimming reports will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base will be good for selecting professional players.
连续不断地制作运动报告,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系作出生动的解释,为选择职业运动员提供更广阔的群众基础。
Swimming videos will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base will be good for selecting professional players.
连续制作游泳录像,对竞技体育和民族体育之间的关系进行生动的阐释,为选择职业运动员提供更广阔的大众基础。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, providing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. The profound mass base will be good for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,为竞技体育与国家体育之间的关系提供生动的解释,为选择职业运动员提供良好的大众基础。
Swimming champions will be produced continuously, producing a vivid interpretation of the relationship between competitive sports and national sports. A profound mass base will be good for selecting professional players.
将连续不断地生产游泳冠军,生动地诠释竞技体育与国家体育的关系,为选拔职业运动员提供更广阔的群众基础。
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the national foundation of sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on the national sports, and the national sports depend on the conditions of the venues.
竞技体育的水平与体育的国家基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The structure of competitive sports is closely related to the national foundation of sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on the national sports, and the national sports depend on the conditions of the venues.
竞技体育的结构与体育的国家基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The organization of competitive sports is closely related to the national foundation of sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on the national sports, and the national sports depend on the conditions of the venues.
竞技体育的组织与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The level of competitive sports is closely related to the national foundation of sports. National sports depend in a certain sense on the national sports, and the national sports depend on the conditions of the venues.
竞技体育水平与国家体育基础密切相关,在一定意义上说,国家体育取决于国家体育,国家体育取决于体育场馆的条件。
The foundation of competitive sports is closely related to the national foundation of sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on the national sports, and the national sports depend on the conditions of the venues.
竞技体育的基础与体育的国家基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
The development of competitive sports is closely related to the national foundation of sports. Athletic sports depend in a certain sense on the national sports, and the national sports depend on the conditions of the venues.
竞技体育的发展与国家体育的基础密切相关,竞技体育在一定意义上取决于国家体育,而国家体育则取决于体育场馆的条件。
According to reports, as of 2015, China's per capita area of sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far lagged behind the world sports powers.
据报道,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于世界体育强国。
According to reports, as of 2014, China's per capita area of sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far lagged behind the world sports powers.
据悉,截至2014年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于世界体育强国。
According to reports, as of 2016, China's per capita area of sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far lagged behind the world sports powers.
据悉,截至2016年,中国人均体育场馆面积是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于世界体育强国。
According to reports, as of 2013, China's per capita area of sports venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far lagged behind the world sports powers.
据报道,截至2013年,中国人均体育场馆面积是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于世界体育强国。
According to reports, as of 2015, China's per capita area of sports venues had been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far lagged behind the world sports powers.
据报道,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于世界体育强国。
According to reports, as of 2015, China's per capita area of sport venues has been 150 times of that when the new China was established, but still far lagged behind the world sports powers.
据报道,截至2015年,中国人均体育场馆面积已是新中国成立时的150倍,但仍远远落后于世界体育强国。
The State Council issued the " National Fitness Program ( 2016-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content this June.
今年6月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划》(2016-2020年),并将群众体育的发展列为主要内容。
The State Council issued the " National Fitness Program ( 2015-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content this June.
今年6月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划(2015-2020年)》,并将发展群众体育列为主要内容。
The State Council issued the " National Fitness Program ( 2014-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content this June.
今年6月,国务院发布了《2014-2020年国家健身计划》,并将群众体育的发展列为主要内容。
The State Council issued the " National Fitness Program ( 2013-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content this June.
今年6月,国务院发布了《2013-2020年国家健身计划》,并将发展群众体育列为主要内容。
The State Council issued the " National Fitness Program ( 2018-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content this June.
今年6月,国务院发布了《国家健身计划》(2018-2020年),并将群众体育的发展列为主要内容。
The State Council issued the " National Fitness Program ( 2010-2020 ) " and took the development of mass sports as a key content this June.
今年6月,国务院发布了《2010-2020年国家健身计划》,并将发展群众体育列为主要内容。
In order to make up for the weakness, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the distribution of the stadiums in urban planning.
为了弥补这一不足,有关部门在城市规划中要充分考虑体育场的分布状况。
In order to make up for the weakness, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take special account of the distribution of the stadiums in urban planning.
为了弥补这一不足,有关部门在城市规划中要特别注意体育场的分布。
In order to make up for the weakness, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take careful account of the distribution of the stadiums in urban planning.
为了弥补这一不足,有关部门在城市规划中应仔细考虑体育场的分布状况。
In order to make up for this weakness, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the distribution of the stadiums in urban planning.
为了弥补这一不足,有关部门在城市规划中要充分考虑体育场的分布状况。
In order to make up for the weakness, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the distribution of these stadiums in urban planning.
为了弥补这一不足,有关部门在城市规划中要充分考虑体育场的分布状况。
In order to make up for the weakness, on the one hand, the relevant departments shall take full account of the role of the stadiums in urban planning.
为了弥补这一不足,有关部门应充分考虑体育场在城市规划中的作用。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including sports venues in schools and other organizations, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他组织的体育场馆,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including sports venues in schools and other organizations, should try to extend the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他组织的体育场馆,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including sports venues in schools and other organizations, should try to widen the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他组织的体育场馆,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including sports venues in schools and other organizations, should attempt to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他组织的体育场馆,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sport venues, including sports venues in schools and other organizations, should try to expand the scope of openness and try to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他组织的体育场馆,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
On the other hand, the already built public sports venues, including sports venues in schools and other organizations, should try to expand the scope of openness and attempt to improve efficiency as much as possible.
另一方面,已经建成的公共体育场馆,包括学校和其他组织的体育场馆,应努力扩大开放范围,并尽可能提高效率。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is being held, is rousing people's enthusiasm for sports and their sense of participation as well.
正在 举行 的 里 约 奥林匹克运动会 也 唤起 了 人们 对 体育 的 热情 和 参与 的 意识 。
The Youth Olympic Games, which is being held, is rousing people's enthusiasm for sports and their sense of participation as well.
本届青年奥运会的举办,也唤起了人们体育的热情和参与意识。
The upcoming Olympic Games, which is being held, is rousing people's enthusiasm for sports and their sense of participation as well.
即将到来的奥林匹克运动会也唤起人们的体育热情和参与意识。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is being held, is rousing people's enthusiasm for sport and their sense of participation as well.
正在 举行 的 里 约 奥林匹克运动会 也 唤起 了 人们 对 体育 的 热情 和 参与 的 意识 。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is being held, is rousing people's passion for sports and their sense of participation as well.
正在 举行 的 里 约 奥林匹克运动会 也 唤起 了 人们 对 体育 的 热情 和 参与 意识 。
The Rio Olympic Games, which is being held, is rousing people's interest for sports and their sense of participation as well.
正在 举行 的 里 约 奥林匹克运动会 也 唤起 了 人们 对 体育 的 兴趣 和 参与 的 意识 。
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead与默克公司竞争丙型肝炎专利获得律师费
Gilead to get attorney fees in Hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
基列获得丙型肝炎专利与默克的辩护费
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis B patent fight with Merck
Gilead与默克公司竞争乙型肝炎专利获得律师费
Gilead to get attorney fees for hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
基列与默克公司取得丙型肝炎专利诉讼的律师费
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C drug fight with Merck
基列在丙型肝炎与默克的抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗药性抗
Gilead to get court fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead与默克公司竞争丙型肝炎专利获得诉讼费
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. District judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. federal judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权收取与丙型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国联邦法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred relating to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有权收取与C型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经对制药商Merck & Co Inc作出裁决。
Gilead Sciences Inc was entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有资格获得与C型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经裁定,该诉讼涉及制药商Merck & Co Inc。
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees they incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U. S. district judge has ruled.
Gilead Sciences Inc有资格获得与C型肝炎专利诉讼有关的律师费,美国地区法官已经裁决,制药商Merck & Co Inc。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年6月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gielead因侵犯与Gilead的巨型毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. court found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年6月,在一家美国法院认定默克公司存在不当行为,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gilead因侵犯与Gilead大片毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克公司专利而损失了2亿美元。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Tarvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年6月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gielead因侵犯与Gilead的巨型毒品Sovaldi和Tarvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of conduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年6月,在一名美国法官发现了默克的行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gielead从2亿美元的损失中解脱了对与Gilead大片毒品Sovaldi和Harvoni有关的Merck专利的侵权赔偿。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Cervoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年6月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gielead因侵犯与Gilead大片毒品Sovaldi和Cervoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $ 200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Ivaldi and Harvoni, after a U. S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
今年6月,在一名美国法官发现默克的不当行为模式,包括宣誓说谎和其他不道德行为后,Gielead因侵犯与Gilead的巨型毒品Ivaldi和Harvoni有关的两个默克专利而损失了2亿美元。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)提交案卷时表示,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
At a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)在一份申请表上说,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
During a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)在提交案卷时表示,基列有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
In her filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)在周四的陈词中说,基列有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the costs it incurred while defending the case.
美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)在周四的存档材料中说,基列有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
In a filing on Thursday, U. S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the expenses it incurred while defending the case.
周四,美国地方法官贝思·拉夫森·弗里曼(Beth Labson Freeman)提交案卷时表示,基莱德有权免除在为案件辩护时支付的费用。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈90%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs which can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据市场主导地位,可治愈90%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of Hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈90%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 70 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈70%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 80 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代丙型肝炎药物上占据主导地位,可治愈80%以上的肝病病人。
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis B drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
默克正试图赶上基列,基列在新一代乙型肝炎药物上占据了主导地位,可治愈90%以上的肝病病人。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, an active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时,基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
The lawsuit dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
诉讼可追溯到2013年,当时,基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir(sofosbuvir)的实验室工作。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying efosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分efosbuvir的实验室工作。
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying alfosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
该案可追溯到2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分alfosbuvir的实验室工作。
The dispute dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
争议可追溯到2013年,当时基列和默克(Merck)相互起诉,声称拥有基列毒品活性成分Sofosbuvir的实验室工作。
U. S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺取了曼比吉的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have taken full control of Manbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经完全控制了伊斯兰国的曼比杰
U. S. backed forces claim they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力声称他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺取了Manbij的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces said they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺得了曼比吉的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have seized complete control of Manbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺取了曼比吉的全部控制权
U. S. backed forces say they have gained full control of Manbij from Islamic State
美国支持势力说,他们已经从伊斯兰国手中夺得了曼比吉的全部控制权
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经控制了该城。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border since the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,自从该城内最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经占领了土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉(Manbij)的全部控制权。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesperson for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经占领了该城市。
U. S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border as the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人上周五说,美国支持的军队已经占领了土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉(Manbij)的全部控制权。
U. S.-led forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体的发言人星期五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,由美国领导的军队全面控制了该城市。
U. S.-backed forces have taken full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
该团体发言人上周五说,在土耳其边境附近的北部城市曼比吉最后一批伊斯兰国家战士离开后,美国支持的部队已经全面控制了该城。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 现在扫荡了这座城市,在此之前还有一批武装分子被困在这座城市里。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city following the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量(SDF)现在正在扫城,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该市。
Syrian Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量(SDF)现在正在扫城,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该市。
Syria Defence Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚国防部队(SDF)现在正在清扫该市,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在该市。
Syria Defense Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚国防部队(SDF)现在正在清扫这座城市,在此之前,还有一批武装分子被困在这座城市里。
Syria Democratic Forces ( SDF ) were now sweeping the city with the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
叙利亚民主力量 ( SDF ) 现在正在清扫该市,剩下一批被困在该市的武装分子已经离去。
They had freed over 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了被武装分子劫持的2000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed over 3, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们已经释放了3000多名被武装分子劫持的平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed over 4, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的4千多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed over 5, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了武装分子劫持的5 000多名平民人质,他们是民主阵线的曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish,他们告诉路透社。
They had freed over 1, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的1000多名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
They had freed about 2, 000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
他们释放了被武装分子劫持的大约2000名平民人质,他们是SDF联盟曼比吉军事委员会的Sharfan Darwish对路透社说。
" The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" The city is now completely under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" The city is now fully under our control but we are conducting sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在展开扫荡行动。”
" The city is now firmly under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市已经牢牢地掌握在我们手中,但我们正采取全面行动。”
" The city is now entirely under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
" The city is now totally under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations, " he told Reuters.
他告诉路透社:“现在,这个城市完全归我们控制,但我们正在进行全面的行动。”
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 34. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,联邦税率为34.2%
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 4. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,联邦税率为4.2%
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 3. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,缴纳了联邦税率的3.2%
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 5. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,联邦税率为5.2%
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 2. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,缴纳了联邦税率的2.2%
Clintons earned $ 10. 75 million in 2015, paid 1. 2 percent federal tax rate
克林顿在2015年挣了1 075万美元,缴纳了联邦税率的1%
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 075万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Republican presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示这位共和党总统候选人和她的丈夫当年的收入为1 075万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband received $ 10. 75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 075万美元,并缴纳了34.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 5. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 075万美元,并缴纳了5.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 4. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 075万美元,并缴纳了4.2%的联邦有效税率。
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $ 10. 75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 3. 2 percent.
希拉里克林顿上周五公布了她2015年的纳税申报表,数据显示民主党总统候选人及其丈夫当年的收入为1 075万美元,并缴纳了3.2%的联邦有效税率。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐出了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mainly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇共捐资100万美元,主要捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿收了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in approximately $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐助了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了约530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,她因在国务院任职期间的著作而从出版商西蒙·舒斯特那里获得300万美元的收入。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 2 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐出了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近520万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 4 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇捐出了100万美元的慈善捐款,大部分捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿带来了近540万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
In 2015, the Clintons made $ 1 million in charitable contributions, primarily to the Clinton Foundation ; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $ 5. 3 million in speaking fees ; and the former secretary of state reported income of $ 3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
2015年,克林顿夫妇共捐资100万美元,主要捐给克林顿基金会;前总统比尔·克林顿收了近530万美元的演讲费;前国务卿报告,出版商西蒙·舒斯特在国务院任职期间的著作的收入为300万美元。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, together with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Representative Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国代表蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Elizabeth Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子伊丽莎白·霍尔顿(Elizabeth Holton)发布了10年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released five years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了5年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's running mate, U. S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released four years of tax returns.
克林顿的竞选伙伴、美国参议员蒂姆·凯恩(Tim Kaine)和他的妻子安妮·霍尔顿(Anne Holton)发布了四年的纳税申报表。
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 3 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳了20.3%的联邦有效税率。
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 5. 3 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳联邦有效税率为5.
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 3. 3 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳联邦有效税率为3.
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 2. 3 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳联邦有效税率为2.
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 1. 3 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳联邦有效税率为1.3%。
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20. 4 percent in 2015.
他们于2015年缴纳了20.4%的联邦有效税率。
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency, " Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
希拉里·克林顿和蒂姆·凯恩在一份声明中说,克林顿竞选助理詹妮弗·帕尔米耶里继续制定财务透明度的标准。
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency, " Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Altieri said in a statement.
希拉里克林顿和蒂姆凯恩在一份声明中说,克林顿的竞选助手詹妮弗奥尔蒂埃利继续制定财务透明度的标准。
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency, " Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Mainieri said in a statement.
希拉里克林顿和蒂姆凯恩在一份声明中说,克林顿竞选助理詹妮弗·马伊耶里继续制定财务透明度的标准。
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to set the standard for financial transparency, " Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
希拉里·克林顿和蒂姆·凯恩在一份声明中说,克林顿竞选助手詹妮弗·帕尔米耶里希望制定财务透明度的标准。
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine helped to set the standard for financial transparency, " Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
希拉里克林顿和蒂姆凯恩帮助制定了财务透明度的标准,克林顿竞选助手詹妮弗帕尔米耶里在一份声明中说。
" Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency, " Clinton campaign spokesperson Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
希拉里·克林顿和蒂姆·凯恩在一份声明中说,克林顿竞选发言人詹妮弗·帕尔米耶里继续制定财务透明度的标准。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现他以前做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
In sharp contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与此形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正躲在假借口后面,背靠背地兑现他以前承诺的释放其纳税申报表。
In complete contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
相反,唐纳德·特朗普却躲在虚假借口的背后,背靠背地兑现他以前承诺的释放其纳税申报表。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his earlier promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现他早先做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
By stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正用假借口躲藏起来,背靠背地兑现他以前做出的释放其纳税申报的承诺。
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax return.
与之形成鲜明对比的是,唐纳德·特朗普正躲在假借口后面,背靠背地兑现他以前承诺的释放税款申报表。
It is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, though they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, but they are not required by law to do so.
通常美国总统候选人会公开他们的纳税申报表,但法律并没有要求他们这样做。
It is common for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人通常会公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is customary for U. S. Senate candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国参议院候选人通常公开他们的纳税申报表,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
It is customary for U. S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns online, although they are not required by law to do so.
美国总统候选人通常在网上申报纳税,尽管法律没有要求他们这样做。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一次审计,作为他拒绝释放其回报的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his attorneys have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一次审计,作为他拒绝释放其回报的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for their refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一次审计,作为他们拒绝释放其回报的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to withdraw his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一次审计,作为他拒绝收回收益的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his reluctance to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一次审计,作为他不愿发放回报的理由。
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for the refusal to release his returns.
特朗普(Trump)和他的律师援引了美国国税局(Internal Registration Service)的一次审计作为拒绝释放他返还财产的理由。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的行动”与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" Good move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“很好,”这与民主党提名人的归来有关。
" Smart move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
“聪明的举动,”克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯在推特上说,与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" Bad move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“行动太糟糕了”,这与民主党提名人的回归有关。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Republican nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助理伊恩·萨姆斯在Twitter上说,“你的行动”与共和党提名人的回归有关。
" Your move, " Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said via Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
克林顿竞选助手伊恩·萨姆斯通过Twitter说,“你的行动”与民主党提名人的回归有关。
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
星期四,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Wednesday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
科恩(Michael Cohen)周三对CNN说,在审计完成之前,他不会允许特朗普释放他们。
On Monday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
科恩(Michael Cohen)周一对CNN说,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Friday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
上周五,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
On Tuesday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
周二,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会允许特朗普释放他们。
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits were complete.
星期四,特朗普的特别顾问迈克尔·科恩(Michael Cohen)告诉CNN,在审计完成之前,他不会让特朗普释放他们。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, particularly with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易和各种其它联系,特别是与俄罗斯的关系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said the refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年的共和党总统候选人罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,这一拒绝令人们对他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它关系产生了疑问。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions regarding his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系的质疑。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have claimed his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都声称他的拒绝令人们对他的净价值、他的慈善捐款、他的商业交易以及包括俄罗斯在内的各种其它联系产生了疑问。
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, especially with Russia.
特朗普的批评者,包括2012年共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼(Mitt Romney)和其他共和党人,都表示,他的拒绝引发了人们对其净资产、慈善捐款、商业交易和各种其它联系,特别是与俄罗斯的关系的质疑。
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里在上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton later pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里随后迅速解决这一问题,上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton also pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
克林顿也急于解决这一问题,上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton immediately pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
克林顿于上周五发布了一个在线视频,重点报道了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton then pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
希拉里于上周五发布了一个在线视频,重点报道了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
Clinton quickly pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
克林顿迅速抓住了这个问题,于上周五发布了一个在线视频,突显了高调的共和党人敦促特朗普释放他的税收。
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
周四, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Friday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
上周五,她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Sunday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
星期天, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题.
On Tuesday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
星期二,她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Thursday, she raised the issue in an economic speech in Michigan.
周四, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中提出了这个问题。
On Thursday, she addressed the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
周四, 她在密歇根的一次经济演讲中谈到这个问题。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" Obama refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“奥巴马拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" Trump refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“特朗普拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate for decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做过去数十年中每一个总统候选人都做过的事,也不公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release their tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他总统候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝公布他们的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
" He refuses to do what every other Republican candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns, " she told the crowd.
“他拒绝做其他共和党候选人数十年来所做的一切,并拒绝公布他的纳税申报表,”她告诉民众。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对极低的税额只支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes in two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对极低的税额只支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes over two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对非常少的税金支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and the New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对极低的税额只支付零税率,而纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, while a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对非常少的税额只支付了零税,而纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying this could still be the case.
政界人士报道说,在20世纪90年代,特朗普对极低的税额只支付了零税。 纽约时报商业专栏作家上周五援引一些税务律师和会计师的话说,情况可能仍然如此。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
联邦税率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
Federal interest rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
联邦利率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
Federal tuition rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
联邦学费利率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
Corporate tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
在总统选举中,企业税率已成为一个问题。
Federal unemployment rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
联邦失业率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
High tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
高税率已成为总统选举中的一个问题。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 15 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到15%。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett which would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到30%。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 20 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少达到20%。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 10 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁、投资者沃伦·巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者至少缴纳10%的税。
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $ 1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 5 percent.
克林顿支持了一项以亿万富翁投资者沃伦?巴菲特(Warren Buffett)命名的规则,它将确保那些年收入超过100万美元的投资者缴纳的税率至少是5%。
President Barack Obama also backs the proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
President Barack Obama also backs this proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
President Barack Obama strongly backs the proposal.
奥巴马总统坚决支持这一建议。
President Barack Obama also backed the proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
President Barack Obama also backs the bill.
奥巴马总统也支持这项法案。
President Barack Obama also supported the proposal.
奥巴马总统也支持这一建议。
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway大企业主所在地巴菲特(Buffett)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
At the Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
在上周于内布拉斯加州奥马哈举行的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway公司所在地的巴菲特挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报。
During a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
在上周内布拉斯加州奥马哈的克林顿集会期间,Berkshire Hathaway公司所在地的巴菲特挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
At a Clinton rally last week in Lincoln, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,在内布拉斯加州林肯(Lincoln)举行的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway大财团位于巴菲特(Berkshire Hathaway communitate)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报。
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is headquartered there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)的克林顿集会上,总部位于伯克希尔哈撒韦(Berkshire Hathaway)的巴菲特(Buffett)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报。
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate was based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
上周,在内布拉斯加州奥马哈(Omaha)的克林顿集会上,Berkshire Hathaway大企业主所在地巴菲特(Buffett)挑战特朗普开会和交换纳税申报表。
Buffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特说,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审计,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet stated that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特说,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审计,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collecting agency but of voters.
巴菲特说,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审计,特朗普“害怕”不是收税机构,而是选民。
Dubuffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
杜巴菲特说,他也接受国税局的审核,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Bracket said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
布赖克特说,他也接受国税局的审核,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Buffet added that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is " afraid " not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
巴菲特补充道,他也受到国税局(IRS)的审计,特朗普“害怕”的不是税收机构,而是选民。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了从2007年开始的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns dating back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了可追溯到2007年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign had released tax returns going back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经公布了从2007年开始的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has submitted tax returns going back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动已经提交了可追溯到2007年的报税表。
Clinton's campaign also released tax returns going back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动还公布了可追溯到2007年的纳税申报表。
Clinton's campaign has filed tax returns going back to 2007.
克林顿的竞选活动从2007年开始就提交了纳税申报表。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40. 5%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2013 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 5 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2013年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40. 5%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 7 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40.7%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 4 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,实际合并税率约为40.4%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 8 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,而实际的合并税率约为40.8%。
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40. 3 percent.
克林顿夫妇目前居住在纽约查帕夸市,从2007年到2014年,他们的平均有效联邦税率约为32%,而实际合并税率约为40.3%。
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与大多数美国人不同, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, only $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与大多数美国人不同, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, like most Americans, just $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 和大多数美国人一样, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 100 of their income comes from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与大多数美国人不同, 他们的收入只有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, about $ 100 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与大多数美国人不同, 他们的收入中约有100美元来自工资.
The Clintons'2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $ 1 of their income came from wages.
克林顿2015年的回归表明, 与大多数美国人不同, 他们的收入只有1美元来自工资.
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their primary investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their principal investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们的主要投资是低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their largest investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们最大的投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为109,000美元。
Their initial investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 000.
他们最初的投资是低成本的指数共同基金,克林顿夫妇报告股息和利息收入为10万9千美元。
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $ 109, 500.
他们的主要投资是低成本指数共同基金,而克林顿夫妇的股息和利息收入为109,500美元。
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
凯文·拉博的补充报告;乔纳森·奥蒂斯的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Coolbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
Kevin Colbaugh的补充报告;Jonathan Oatis的编辑
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Donatis
凯文·拉波的补充报告;乔纳森·多纳提斯的编辑
Additional Design by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
Kevin Lawbaugh的附加设计;Jonathan Oatis的编辑
Additional Photography by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
Kevin Lawrbaugh的附加摄影;Jonathan Oatis的编辑
Additional photography by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
由Kevin Lawbaugh拍摄的更多照片;由Jonathan Oatis编辑
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后的阿拉伯"-RT新闻"要求
Jewish community slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
犹太人社区抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后的阿拉伯"-RT新闻"要求
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code on Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号的阿拉伯“-RT新闻”要求
Israeli filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab " request "-RT News
以色列电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号后的阿拉伯"-RT新闻"
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code in Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店取消以色列拨号的阿拉伯“要求”-RT新闻
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code with Arab " request "-RT News
犹太电影制片人抨击柏林酒店拆除以色列拨号的阿拉伯“要求”-RT新闻
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A German filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的德国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin did not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " by Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,而员工则引用阿拉伯客户的“请求”来表示,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A documentary filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位犹太裔纪录片制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,雇员援引阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that a Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing " requests " from Arabic customers.
一位来自犹太人的法国电影制片人透露,柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店没有列出以色列的拨号代码,雇员援引阿拉伯客户的“请求”,这引发了媒体的愤怒。
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者克劳德·兰兹曼在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
Claude Hinzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者克劳德·辛茨曼在柏林的肯宾斯基布里斯托尔酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,他在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
Claude Kunzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
库兹曼(Claude Kunzmann)在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店(Kempinski Bristol Hotel)讲述大屠杀纪录片《Shohah》的作者,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信,表达了他的不满。
Peter Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者Peter Lanzmann在柏林的Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an angry letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者克劳德·兰兹曼在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店发泄了他的不满情绪,在德国FAZ出口处写了一封愤怒的信。
Michael Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary " Shoah, " vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
大屠杀纪录片《纳粹浩劫》的作者迈克尔·兰兹曼在柏林Kempinski Bristol酒店(Kempinski Bristol Hotel)发泄了他的不满情绪,他在德国FAZ出口处写了一封公开信。
During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最近的逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During her recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在她最近的逗留期间,兰兹曼试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During a recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在最近一次逗留期间,Lanzmann试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his recent stay, Kunzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在其最近的逗留期间,Kunzmann试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
During his recent stay, Hinzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
在他最近的逗留期间,Hinzmann试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
After his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
兰兹曼最近停留后,试图在酒店提供的拨号密码中找到以色列。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到这个国家。
This country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到这个国家。
The country however is not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
然而,在人们可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到国家。
The state however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
然而,在可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到州。
The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from a room.
然而,在人们可以直接从房间打电话的州中,没有提到这个国家。
The country however was not listed among the states one can call directly from the room.
然而,这个国家并没有被列入可以直接从房间打电话的州名单。
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How was it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel is eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列如何才能被消灭?
How is it possible, in 2016 in Bonn, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国首都波恩,以色列如何被消灭和根除?
And is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
2016年,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列是否可能被消灭和根除?
Or is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?
或者,在新德国的首都柏林,以色列是否可能在2016年被消灭?
Lanzmann wrote.
兰兹曼写道。
Hinzmann wrote.
Hinzmann写道。
Kunzmann wrote.
Kunzmann写道。
Laxmann wrote.
拉克斯曼写道。
Lagemann wrote.
拉吉曼写道。
Lanzman wrote.
兰兹曼写道。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel through an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel with an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
However, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
然而,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个通过自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel using an own call center.
相反,Kempinski Bristol提供了一个使用自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
Furthermore, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
此外,Kempinski Bristol还提供了通过自己的呼叫中心拨打以色列的机会。
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上谈到了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker discussed the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上讨论了这个问题.
Lacking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
由于缺乏解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上谈到了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker raised the issue at the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上提出了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue in the hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上谈到了这个问题.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at his hotel's reception.
为了寻求解释, 这位电影制片人在酒店的招待会上谈到了这个问题.
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 使他感到震惊. ”
The answer he got there, Kunzmann wrote " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 库兹曼写道, “ 震惊他. ”
The answer he got there, Hinzmann wrote " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, Hinzmann写道, “ 使他感到震惊. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked me. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼写道, “ 震惊我. ”
The answer he got there, Lanzmann says " shocked him. "
他得到的答案, 兰兹曼说 “ 震惊他 ”.
The moment he got there, Lanzmann wrote " shocked him. "
他一到那儿, 兰兹曼就写道: “ 震惊他. ”
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员说,这项措施是“肯宾斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定”。
The company's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
该公司的职员说,这项措施是“Kempinski-Hotels管理层的慎重决定”。
The building's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
大厦的职员说,这项措施是凯宾斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定。
The bank's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
银行的职员说,这项措施是凯宾斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定。
The hotel's clerk stated that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
酒店的职员表示,该措施是“Kempinski-Hotels管理层的慎重决定”。
The city's clerk said that the measure was " a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels. "
市政府的职员说,这项措施是凯宾斯基酒店管理层的慎重决定。
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move sparked even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了这位电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move prompted even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
The reasons behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因引发了这位电影制片人的愤慨。
The reasoning behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
这一举动背后的推理激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
The reason behind the move provoked even more outrage by the filmmaker.
此举背后的原因更激起了电影制片人的愤慨。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说。
" A majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee is quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说。
" The majority of our guests were Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引这名员工的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " an employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引一名员工的话说。
" The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted, " one employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
“我们的大多数客人都是阿拉伯人,他们要求删除以色列的密码,”兰兹曼援引一名员工的话说。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(Yakov Hadas-Handelsman)称这起事件“非常可惜”。
Israeli Ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼称这起事件“令人非常羞愧”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman calls the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(YakovHadasHandelsman)称,这起事件“非常可惜”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelstein called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯泰因称这起事件“非常可惜”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a " great shame, " Sueddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-汉德尔斯曼(Yakov Hadas-Handelsman)称这起事件“非常可惜”。
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Weisman called the case a " great shame, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
以色列驻德国大使雅科夫·哈达斯-维斯曼称这起事件“令人非常羞愧”。
We were appalled and shocked by the incident.
那件事使我们感到震惊和震惊.
We were appalled and shocked at the incident.
我们对该事件感到震惊和震惊。
We are appalled and shocked by the incident.
我们对该事件感到震惊和震惊。
We were appalled and shocked by this incident.
这一事件使我们感到震惊和震惊。
We were appalled and horrified by the incident.
那件事使我们感到震惊和震惊.
We were appalled and embarrassed by the incident.
那件事使我们感到震惊和尴尬.
It is in itself a great shame.
这本身就是一个极大的耻辱.
This is in itself a great shame.
这本身就是一个极大的耻辱.
That is in itself a great shame.
这本身就是一个极大的耻辱.
It was in itself a great shame.
这本身就是一种极大的耻辱.
It is in itself a terrible shame.
这本身就是一种可怕的耻辱.
Which is in itself a great shame.
这本身就是一个极大的耻辱.
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
发生在德国和那个连锁酒店的事实,更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and in that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
发生在德国和那个连锁旅馆里的事实,更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at this very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
事实上,它发生在德国和在这个连锁酒店,更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and on that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
事实上,它发生在德国和那家酒店的连锁店,更是耻辱。
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and within that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
事实上,它发生在德国以及在那家酒店的连锁店里,更是耻辱。
The fact that this has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
事实上,这发生在德国,也就是在那家酒店的连锁店,更是耻辱。
That needs no explanation.
这不需要解释。
This needs no explanation.
这不需要解释。
That had no explanation.
这 一点 也 没有 解释 。
That needed no explanation.
这不需要任何解释。
It needs no explanation.
无需解释。
That was no explanation.
这 并不是 一 种 解释 。
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们期望酒店得出正确的结论。
We hope that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们希望酒店得出正确的结论。
We believe that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们认为酒店得出正确的结论。
We trust that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们相信酒店得出正确的结论。
We think that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我们认为酒店得出正确的结论。
I expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions, " the official said.
我期待酒店得出正确的结论。
The incident triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引发了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
This incident triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引发了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident caused quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引起了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident generated quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引起了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The incident drew quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这一事件在网上引起相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
The story triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
这个故事在网上引发了相当强烈的反响,人们称其为丑闻。
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 阿拉伯客户的所谓要求.
Some claimed that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 所谓的阿拉伯客户的要求.
Some suggested that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有人说,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 所谓的阿拉伯客户的要求.
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel had " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店 “ 屈服于 ” 阿拉伯客户的所谓要求.
Some claim that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人声称,Kempinski酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 所谓的阿拉伯客户的要求.
Some believe that the Kempinski hotel simply " caved in " to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
有些人认为,肯宾斯基酒店只是 “ 屈服于 ” 所谓的阿拉伯客户的要求.
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店位于高贵的Kurfurstandam街,就在一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, situated in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,那家酒店坐落在高贵的Kurfurstandam的街上,就在一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located on the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店位于高贵的Kurfurstandam街上,矗立在犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Churfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店坐落在高贵的教堂街上,站在一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Urfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店坐落在高贵的乌尔弗斯丹达姆街附近一个犹太教堂附近。
" Shame on you, " another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located at the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
“你真丢脸,”另一个帖子指出,酒店位于高贵的库尔弗斯丹达姆街附近一个犹太教堂附近。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店自己也迅速排除了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Kunzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
斯皮格尔(DerSpiegel)的报导称,酒店本身也迅速避免了任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对昆兹曼的“道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what occurred an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店自己也迅速排除了任何指责,称发生的事情是“疏忽”和“向兰兹曼道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to shrug off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
皮盖尔(DerSpiegel)的报导称,酒店自己也立刻耸了耸肩,不理会任何指责,称所发生的事是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an " oversight " and " apologising " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
DerSpiegel报道说,酒店自己也很快摆脱了任何指责,对兰兹曼说发生的事情“疏忽”和“道歉”。
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling the happened an " oversight " and " apologizing " to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
据皮盖尔公司报道,酒店自己也迅速排除了任何指责,称这起事件是“疏忽”,是对兰兹曼的“道歉”。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Uddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”UddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Raddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
Raddeutsche Zeitung引用Kempinski代表的话说,“从来没有直接命令”不要将以色列列入快速拨号名单。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Sueddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”苏德迪奥切·齐通引用肯宾斯基的一位代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel on the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung引用Kempinski的代表的话说。
" There was never a direct order " not to include Israel in the fast dial list, " Suddeutsche Zeitung reported a Kempinski representative as saying.
“从来没有直接的命令”不把以色列包括在快速拨号名单上,”SuddeutscheZeitung报道一个Kempinski代表说。
It adds that the code was now added.
它还说,现在添加了代码。
This adds that the code was now added.
这补充了现在添加的代码。
It adds that the code is now added.
它补充说,现在添加了代码。
He adds that the code was now added.
他补充说,现在添加了代码。
She adds that the code was now added.
她补充说,现在添加了代码。
It adds that new code was now added.
它补充说,现在增加了新的代码。
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
警察使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的巴西学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets on protesting Brazilian students
警方使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹抗议巴西学生
Police used tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
警察对抗议的巴西学生使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against the Brazilian students
警察对巴西学生使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting university students
警察使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的大学生
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting college students
警察使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹对付抗议的大学生
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Friday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
上周五,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂,抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday where they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集在那里示威反对政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Wednesday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周三,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday when they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周四,巴西圣保罗市的警察与学生发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Tuesday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
周二,巴西圣保罗市的学生与警察发生冲突,他们聚集一堂抗议政府对公共教育系统的改革。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
Police fired tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
警察向示威者发射了催泪瓦斯和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets on the protesters.
警察对示威者使用了催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the crowd.
警察对人群使用催泪弹和橡皮子弹。
The trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了问题。
The violence started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了暴力。
The riot started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
骚乱开始时,执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯。
The trouble began when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了问题。
The trouble started when law enforcement officers attempted to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯,从而引发了问题。
The riots started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
骚乱开始时,执法人员试图驱散学生,导致警察使用橡皮子弹和催泪瓦斯。
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Three hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
三百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
One hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
100名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Five hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
500名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Two hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
两百名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Several thousand students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
数千名学生参加了示威,对计划表示失望。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明的提议,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以省钱。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students would be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以省钱。
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools would be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议,只有不到100所公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以便省钱。
Following proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明的提议,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以省钱。
With proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
根据圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以便省钱。
After proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300, 000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
在圣保罗州州长杰拉尔多·阿尔克明(Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin)的提议下,仅低于100所的公立学校将被关闭,30万名学生将被重新安置,以省钱。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Several of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
参加抗议的一些人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Many of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
许多参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest can be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen painting graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
参加抗议的一些人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen making graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
一些参加抗议的人在墙上涂鸦反对临时总统米歇尔·泰默。
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫(Dilma Rousseff)。
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff when the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫,而当时,国家参议院投票选举了她的弹劾权。
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff after the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫,国会投票选举了她的弹劾。
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff and the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫,国家参议院投票支持她的弹劾。
This latest protest came just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫(Dilma Rousseff)。
This latest protest occurred just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
这次最新的抗议活动发生几天前,抗议者聚集到街上,支持被罢免的总统迪尔玛·鲁塞夫,因为国家参议院投票支持她的弹劾。
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold
当英国人抢夺赛车黄金时,苏格兰的卡伦·斯金纳暴风雨归来
Scot Mike Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold
当英国人抢夺自行车黄金时,苏格兰的麦克·斯金纳风暴
Scot Callum Skinner comes home as Brits grab cycling gold
斯考特·卡伦·斯金纳回国时,英国人正在抢夺自行车上的金牌
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits claim cycling gold
斯考特·卡伦·斯金纳风暴家,英国人声称是骑自行车的金牌
Scot Callum Skinner stormed home as Brits grab cycling gold
斯考特·卡伦·斯金纳在英国人抢夺自行车黄金时冲了家门
Scot Callum Skinner came home as Brits grab cycling gold
斯考特·卡伦·斯金纳回国时,英国人抢夺了自行车上的金牌
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
苏格兰选手斯金纳(Callum Skinner)昨夜在里约赛场的男子短跑赛中夺冠。
England's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
英格兰队的加伦斯金纳昨晚在里约赛场的男子短跑赛中夺冠,英国队的GB三人组从2012年伦敦为冠军进行卫冕。
Australia's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
澳大利亚选手斯金纳昨晚在里约赛场的男子短跑赛中夺冠,英国选手B三人组从2012年伦敦为冠军进行卫冕。
Scotland's Callum Skinner rode to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
苏格兰选手斯金纳(Callum Skinner)昨晚在里约赛场男子短跑赛中夺冠。
Scotland's Callum Skinner returned to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
苏格兰选手斯金纳昨晚在里约赛场的男子短跑中夺冠,英国选手三重赛从2012年伦敦夺冠。
Britain's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
英国选手斯金纳(Callum Skinner)昨夜在里约赛场的男子短跑赛中夺冠。
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位23岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为这个传奇感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 22-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位22岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为这个传奇感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 21-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
21岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,当他冲回家从受青睐的新西兰服装中夺得胜利时,这位年轻人为这个传说感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 19-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位19岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为这个传奇感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 18-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位18岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士的主角,而这位年轻人在他冲回家抢夺新西兰受青睐的服装的胜利时,为这个传奇感到自豪。
The Glaswegian 17-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
这位17岁的格拉斯韦吉人扮演了苏格兰同胞克里斯·霍伊爵士自己的主力角色,当他冲回家从受青睐的新西兰服装中夺得胜利时,这位年轻人为这个传说感到自豪。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他的6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
Britain claimed a shock victory three years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
3年前,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
Britain claimed a shock victory two years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
两年前,英国夺冠,赢得了令人震撼的胜利,而霍伊则夺得了其六枚奥运金牌中的第五位。
Britain claimed a shock victory five years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
5年前,英国以惊人的胜利夺冠,而霍伊则夺得了其6枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his nine Olympic golds.
4年前,英国夺冠,夺冠,霍伊夺得了他9枚奥运金牌中的第5枚。
Britain needed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
4年前,在霍伊夺得了他的6枚金牌中的第5枚之后,英国需要一场震撼式的胜利才能获胜。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth in March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦铁道世界锦标赛第六场比赛的技巧。
And he repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
尽管霍伊已经退休,他还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Pooley having since retired.
尽管普雷已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Daley having since retired.
尽管戴利(Daley)已经退休,他们还是重复了三月伦敦田径世界锦标赛的第六场比赛。
Then they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
之后,他们重复了这个技巧,尽管霍伊已经退休了,他们在3月的伦敦田径世界锦标赛上完成了第六场比赛。
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题正在取代专业的起步者Jamie Staff。
An issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的一个问题正在取代专业的起步者Jamie Staff。
The issue between Beijing and London included replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的问题包括更换专业起步者Jamie Staff。
Another issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的另一个问题是取代专业的起步者Jamie Staff。
The replacement between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的替补取代了专业的起步者Jamie Staff。
The coach between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
北京和伦敦之间的教练正在更换专业的起跑运动员杰米·斯塔夫.
They did so just in time as Hindes emerged.
正当辛德斯出现的时候,他们正好这样做了。
He did so just in time as Hindes emerged.
当辛德斯出现的时候,他刚好这样做了.
She did so just in time as Hindes emerged.
当辛德斯出现的时候,她刚好这样做了.
They did so just in time as Dundes emerged.
邓德出现的时候,他们正好这样做了.
They did so just in time when Hindes emerged.
当辛德斯出现的时候,他们正好这样做了。
They did so just in time before Hindes emerged.
在辛德斯出现之前,他们就及时这样做了。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个真空,基安·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿也试图填补这个真空。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Aman Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个空白,阿曼·埃马迪和马特·克汉普顿都试图填补这个空白。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Hanan Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休还造成了一个真空,哈南·埃马迪和马特·克汉普顿试图填补这个真空。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Eman Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个真空,埃曼·埃马迪和马特·克汉普顿都试图填补这个真空。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Jian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个真空,让简·埃玛迪和马特·克汉普顿试图填补这个真空。
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton attempted to fill.
霍伊的退休也造成了一个真空,基安·埃玛迪和马特·克伦普顿试图填补这个真空。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner is the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳(Skinner)是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot that has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而这种潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the person Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国教练员的追随者,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而苏格兰的潜力现在已经实现了。
He was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
他是英国教练所紧紧抓住的那个人,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,而这种潜力现在已经实现了。
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in a Scot which has now been realised.
斯金纳是英国的教练员,他看到了苏格兰的潜力,现在这个潜力已经实现。
Hindes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
四年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运赛程,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-champions with Hoy three years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
三年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运赛场的赛程纪录,但是在第一轮比赛中,新西兰队超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-champions with Hoy two years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
两年前,肯尼(Kenny)和霍伊(Hoy)和斯金纳(Skinner)创下了奥运纪录,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
Hindes, Kenny-champions with Hoy five years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
五年前,肯尼和霍伊的比赛,斯金纳创下了奥运赛程,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
Lowndes, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
肯尼(Kenny)和霍伊(Hoy)在4年前的罗恩德斯(Lownsdes)和斯金纳(Skinner)创下了奥运预选赛的纪录,但在第一轮比赛中,新西兰超越了标准。
Hines, Kenny-champions with Hoy four years ago-and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
海因斯、肯尼和霍伊在四年前的比赛中和斯金纳在比赛中创下了奥运纪录,但新西兰在第一轮比赛中超越了标准。
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
英国的三重奏赢得了对金的决斗.
But the British trio won the duel for gold.
但是,英国的三重奏赢得了对金的决斗.
Thus the British trio won the duel for gold.
因此,英国的三重奏赢得了对金的决斗.
Eventually the British trio won the duel for gold.
最终,英国的三重奏赢得了对金的决斗.
Ultimately the British trio won the duel for gold.
最终,英国的三重奏赢得了对金的决斗.
However the British trio won the duel for gold.
然而,英国的三重奏赢得了对金的决斗.
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front as Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,但是肯尼在斯金纳坚持时将球队推到了前方。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front while Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后很远,但肯尼在前面推球队,而斯金纳抓住了。
Lowndes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
洛恩德斯膝盖后落后了一点,肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
Hindes fell narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后缩水,但肯尼在前面推球队,斯金纳抓住了球。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team out front and Skinner held on.
辛德斯在膝盖后落后了很远,肯尼将球队推向了前方,斯金纳抓住了球队。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
The change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
策略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车来拖慢他的速度,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
This change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的这一转变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of strategy was a large part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯骑着更大的车挡住他,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes taking a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯采取更大的行动来放慢他的步伐,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上步伐。
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a different gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
战略的改变是变革的一大部分,辛德斯驾着不同的车挡住他的脚步,让肯尼,特别是斯金纳跟上脚步。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们看到了他。
Pooley watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
普雷从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他引起了他们的注意。
Daley watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
戴利从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他吸引了大家的目光。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes as they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他们看到了他。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes before they stepped on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,在斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯登上领奖台之前,他们一直目不转睛地盯着他。
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they walked on to the podium.
霍伊从BBC专家的岗位上望了望,当斯金纳、肯尼和辛德斯走上讲台时,他引起了他们的注意。
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
来自格拉斯哥的23岁的斯金纳说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
A 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " It's a flattering comparison. "
一位来自格拉斯哥的23岁的斯金纳说:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, added : " It's a flattering comparison. "
23岁的斯金纳来自格拉斯哥,他补充道:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " There's a flattering comparison. "
23岁的斯金纳来自格拉斯哥,他说:“这是个恭维的比喻。”
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, responded : " It's a flattering comparison. "
23岁的斯金纳来自格拉斯哥,他回应道:“这是一次恭维的比较。”
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said : " That's a flattering comparison. "
23岁的斯金纳来自格拉斯哥,他说:“这真是一个恭维的比喻。”
I'm just out there to do my best and make a name for myself.
我只是出去尽力为自己取个名字。
I'm just going there to do my best and make a name for myself.
我只是去尽我所能,给自己起个名字。
I'm just out there to do my thing and make a name for myself.
我只是出去做我的事,给自己起个名字。
I'm just out here to do my best and make a name for myself.
我在这里只是想尽我所能,为自己起个名字。
I'm going out there to do my best and make a name for myself.
我将去那里尽我所能,为自己起个名字。
I'm just out there to do my best to make a name for myself.
我只是出去尽力给自己起个名字。
We set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中创下了奥林匹克纪录,并击败了世界冠军.
We broke an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中打破了奥运会的记录,击败了世界冠军.
We set the Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中创下奥林匹克纪录,战胜了世界冠军.
They set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
他们在决赛中创下了奥林匹克纪录,并击败了世界冠军.
We set an Olympic record in the final to beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中创下了战胜世界冠军的纪录.
We set an Olympic Record in the final and beat the world champions.
我们在决赛中创下了奥林匹克纪录,并击败了世界冠军.
It was just incredible.
简直难以置信。
That was just incredible.
简直难以置信。
This was just incredible.
这简直难以置信。
He was just incredible.
他简直难以置信.
She was just incredible.
她简直难以置信。
It was so incredible.
简直难以置信。
There's no better way to win it.
没有比赢得胜利更好的办法了。
There's no better way to win this.
没有更好的办法赢得这场比赛了。
There's no other way to win it.
别无他法。
There's a better way to win it.
有更好的办法赢得它。
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦取得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跳上赛道。
After debuting at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊一起在伦敦首次亮相后,辛德斯承认在开局不佳后故意跌入了赛道。
Despite triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
尽管2012年在伦敦与肯尼和霍伊一起取得了胜利,辛德斯承认在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他有意跌入了赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 with Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年与肯尼和霍伊在伦敦的比赛中获得胜利后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他故意跌入了赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 behind Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年的伦敦战胜肯尼和霍伊之后,辛德斯承认,在一次糟糕的开始之后,他有意跌入赛道。
After triumphing at London 2012 over Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
在2012年的伦敦战胜了肯尼和霍伊之后,辛德斯承认,在经历了一个糟糕的开始后,他故意掉进了赛道。
He later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
他后来收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
He subsequently retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
他随后收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
He immediately retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
他立即收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
He never retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
他从不收回这一评论,英国的竞争对手也没有上诉的方法。
He later retracted this comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
他后来收回了这一评论,而英国的竞争对手没有上诉的方法。
He later retracted his comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
后来,他收回了自己的意见,而英国的竞争对手也没有上诉的方法。
There was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有这样的问题.
There is no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一场最高胜利中,没有这样的问题。
There was no such issue this time around as a supreme victory.
这一次,没有这样的问题像一个最高胜利.
There was no such issue this time around in the supreme victory.
这回在最高胜利中并不存在这样的问题.
There was no such difference this time around in a supreme victory.
这一次,在一次最高胜利中,没有如此大的区别.
There was no such issue this time around in her supreme victory.
这回在她最伟大的胜利中并不存在这样的问题.
Hindes said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛德斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Hinton said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
辛顿说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Hines said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
海因斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Higgs said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
希格斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里都悬挂着英国国旗. ”
Lowndes said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
洛恩德斯说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里悬挂着所有的英国国旗. ”
Hickey said : " It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand. "
希奇说: “ 感觉就像伦敦, 展厅里都悬挂着英国国旗. ”
We all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,我们作为一个团队走到了一起.
We all as a team came together in the last two months.
我们作为一个团队在过去两个月里相聚一堂.
We all as a team came together in the last six months.
在过去的六个月里,我们作为一个团队走到了一起.
We all as a team came together during the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,我们作为一个团队走到了一起.
They all as a team came together in the last three months.
在过去的三个月里,他们全部结成了团队.
We all as a team came together in the last three weeks.
在过去的三周里,我们作为一个团队走到了一起.
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会是令人惊叹的。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just incredible.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会简直难以置信。
I've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
我一直输了很多世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会真是令人惊叹。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is really amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会真是令人惊叹。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is so amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以再次赢得奥运会是如此令人惊叹。
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics now is just amazing.
我们一直在失去这么多的世界冠军,所以现在赢得奥运会是令人惊叹的。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场比赛,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦赢得10个田径冠军中的7个。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles at both Beijing and London.
这是一场比赛,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦的10个田径比赛中,赢得了7个。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of ten track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场比赛,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦赢得10个田径冠军中的7个。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and Athens.
这是一场比赛,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和雅典的10个田径比赛中,赢得了7个。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won 7 out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场盛会,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦的10个田径比赛中,赢得了7个。
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won 9 out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
这是一场盛会,是国家夺得的金牌,在北京和伦敦赢得10个田径冠军中的9个。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么,5天的胜利即将来临。
If this is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去5个月进展的晴雨表,那么5天的胜利就要开始了。
If it is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果它是过去五个月中进展的晴雨表,那么,5天成功的藤条等待。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last six months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去6个月进展的晴雨表,那么5天的胜利就要开始了。
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last four months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果这是过去四个月中进展的晴雨表,那么5天的胜利就要开始了。
If there is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
如果有一个晴雨表显示过去5个月取得的进展,那么5天的形势就要成功了。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning four Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得4枚金牌的壮举。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning five Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得五枚金牌的壮举。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Daley's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
随着肯尼所展示的这种形式,想像他重复戴利在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举并非不可能。
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning two Olympic golds in one Games.
肯尼所展示的这种形式,不难想象,他重复了霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得两枚金牌的壮举。
Given the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
根据肯尼所展示的状态,想像他重复霍伊在一届奥运会上赢得3枚金牌的壮举并非不可能。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to seven gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to five gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to four gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport that is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would see Kenny-who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March ( that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister )-take his tally to three gold medals and one silver.
肯尼比霍伊还小12岁,而霍伊也是在3月23日出生的(在英国运动中这个看起来很神圣的日子也是史蒂夫·雷德格雷夫、莫·法拉和罗杰·班尼斯特的生日)。
That would be the same as Hoy's.
那和海的一样。
That might be the same as Hoy's.
可能和海的一样。
That should be the same as Hoy's.
那应该和海的一样。
That must be the same as Hoy's.
那肯定和海的一样。
That will be the same as Hoy's.
那和海的一样。
it would be the same as Hoy's.
和海的一样。
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼接下来参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
Kenny then competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
然后肯尼参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天.
Kenny also competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
肯尼还参加短跑比赛,短跑从今天开始,比赛持续三天。
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over five days.
肯尼接下来参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,为期五天.
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over four days.
肯尼接下来参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续了四天.
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over two days.
肯尼接下来参加短跑比赛, 短跑从今天开始,比赛持续两天.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
A 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
博尔顿的一位28岁的青年说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm just enjoying this one right now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在正享受着这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton replied : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
博尔顿28岁的男孩回答说:"我现在只是想享受这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton responded : " I'm just enjoying this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人回答说:“我现在只是想享受一下这个。
The 28-year-old from Bolton said : " I'm really enjoying this one for now.
这位来自博尔顿的28岁的老人说:"我现在很喜欢这个。
The team event is always the best.
团队活动总是最好的。
The second event is always the best.
第二件事总是最好的。
The last event is always the best.
最后一件事情总是最好的。
The first event is always the best.
第一件事情总是最好的。
The final event is always the best.
决赛总是最好的.
The main event is always the best.
主要的活动总是最好的.
You get to win it with your mates.
你可以跟你的伴侣们赢。
You have to win it with your mates.
你必须和伴侣们赢得比赛。
You need to win it with your mates.
你需要和伴侣们一起赢得胜利。
You want to win it with your mates.
你想跟你的伴侣赢。
You get to win it for your mates.
你为你的伴侣赢得了它。
You get to do it with your mates.
你可以跟你的伴侣们做。
It's a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,自己赢得胜利是有点孤单的.
It's a bit lonely winning on my own to be honest.
诚实地说,自己赢得胜利有点孤单.
It's a bit lonely winning on our own to be honest.
诚实地说,自己赢得胜利有点孤单.
It's a bit hard winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,单靠自己赢得胜利是有点困难的。
It's a little lonely winning on your own to be honest.
诚实地说,单靠你自己就有点孤单的获胜了.
It's a bit lonely living on your own to be honest.
诚实地靠自己生活是有点孤单的.
Hindes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
辛德斯说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士头衔. ”
Hines said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
海因斯说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士头衔. ”
Lowndes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
洛恩德斯说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士头衔. ”
Hindes said : " If he wins another three gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
辛德斯说: “ 如果他再赢得3枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士头衔. ”
Hirsch said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood. "
赫希说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他应该获得骑士头衔. ”
Hindes said : " If he wins another two gold medals, he could get a knighthood. "
辛德斯说: “ 如果他再赢得两枚金牌, 他就能获得骑士头衔. ”
It was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一次奖牌赛,但是对英国来说,还有更多的好消息。
This was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
这是今天唯一的一次奖牌赛,但是对英国来说,还有更多的好消息。
It was the day's lone medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
这是当天唯一的一次奖牌赛,但是对英国来说,还有更多的好消息。
It was the day's last medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
这是今天最后一次获得奖章,但是对英国来说还有好消息。
It was the day's final medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
今天是颁奖典礼的最后一天,但是对英国来说还有好消息。
It was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news from Britain.
这是今天唯一的一枚奖章,但是还有来自英国的好消息。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the five-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在5人4公里长的追逐中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the three-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在三人四公里长的追逐中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, John Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、约翰·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the two-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在四公里长的两人队伍中竞技最快。
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the six-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
布拉德利·维金斯爵士、埃德·克兰西、史蒂文·伯克和欧文·多尔在六人四公里长的追逐赛中竞技最快。
They finished in 3 : 51. 943.
他们在3:51,943.
They finished in 5 : 51. 943.
他们在五点五分结束.
They finished in 1 : 51. 943.
他们的成绩在1:51.943.
They finished in 7 : 51. 943.
他们在7:51943.
He finished in 3 : 51. 943.
他以3:51.943.
She finished in 3 : 51. 943.
她在3:51943.
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3 : 51. 659.
创下2012年伦敦金牌世界纪录, 创下3: 51.659.
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 2 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌2: 51.659.
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 7 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌的7: 51. 659.
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 8 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌的8: 51. 659.
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 9 : 51. 659.
创下2012年世界纪录, 创下2012年伦敦金牌9: 51. 659.
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 1 : 51. 659.
创下2012年伦敦金牌世界纪录, 创下1比51659的世界纪录.
The first round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 发生在今天的第二日行动, 维金斯肯定会成为焦点.
The second round and final ( 10. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第二轮和期末 ( 晚上10点42分 ) 发生在今天的第二日行动, 维金斯肯定会成为焦点.
The first round and final ( 11. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上11点42分 ) 发生在今天的第二日行动, 维金斯肯定会成为焦点.
The first round and final ( 12. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 12.42pm ) 发生在今天的第二天行动, 维金斯无疑是焦点.
The first round and final ( 9. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 9.42pm ) 发生在今天的第二天行动, 维金斯无疑是焦点.
The first round and final ( 8. 42pm ) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
第一轮和期末 ( 晚上8点42分 ) 是在今天的第二日行动, 维金斯无疑是焦点.
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of his qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of a qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a disagreement with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
他昨天在参加资格赛之前对警署有异议,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials ordered him to measure his height.
他昨天在资格赛前与警署发生了争执,当时官员命令他测量他的身高。
He had a dispute with commissaires just ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
在资格考试之前,他与警署发生了争执,当时官员召见他,以衡量他的身高。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的女子节上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Gaynor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、盖诺·巴克和密伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的女子节上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie finished in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和密伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,创下了世界纪录,时钟为13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 3 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟为13.260点。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsall Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗萨尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 8 : 13. 260.
劳拉·特罗特、乔安娜·罗塞尔·桑德、埃莉诺·巴克和米伦加维的凯蒂·阿奇瓦尔德等在明天复会并结束的相应的妇女活动上,以创世界纪录的速度前进,时钟:13.260。
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经靠强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB has come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经靠强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on their mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经依靠他们强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty road cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国奥组委依靠强大的骑车队伍掌握了奥运会的中期赛事,并颁发了众多奖牌。
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of victories.
英国球队已经依靠强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并交付了众多的胜利。
Team GB have come to rely upon its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
英国球队已经依靠其强大的赛道自行车队在奥运会的中段阶段拥有冠军,并颁发了众多奖牌。
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 之后, 人们 对 里约 会议 的 筹备 工作 的 期望 已经 下降 了 。
After some exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
在北京和伦敦发生了一些极端的统治性事件之后,在里约会议之前的阶段里,人们的预期被淡化了。
After two exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
在北京和伦敦的两场极端霸主的表现之后,在里约会议之前的阶段里,人们的预期被淡化了。
After the exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
在 北京 和 伦敦 的 极端 统治 表现 之后, 在 里约 的 筹备 阶段 中, 人们 的 期望 被 低估 了 。
Despite truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
尽管 在 北京 和 伦敦 真正 表现 出 了 极端 的 统治 地位, 但 在 里约 的 筹备 阶段, 人们 的 期望 却 被 低估 了 。
After their exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
它们在北京和伦敦表现出了极强的统治地位,此后,在里约会议之前的阶段里,人们的期待被淡化了。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职,因为有性别歧视和欺凌的指控,还有像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April after sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在四月份因性别歧视和欺凌指控而辞职,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the resignations of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份因性别歧视和欺凌指控而辞职,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人辞职。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the dismissal of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在四月被性别歧视和欺凌的指控,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April over sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton4月因性别歧视和欺凌指控而辞职,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人退役。
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the departures of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
幕后有一些戏剧,特别是技术总监Shanne Sutton在4月份辞职时,由于性别歧视和欺凌行为的指控,以及像Hoy和Victoria Pendleton这样的巨人纷纷离去。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声可能会再次重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time might be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声可能又要重演了。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time may be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声可能又要重演了。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated yet again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声可能还会重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time will be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在首场赛车的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声将再次重演。
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing on the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
然而,从首晚赛车在赛车场上奔跑的证据来看,现在英国广播公司在最佳赛车时间达到顶峰的传奇名声可能又要重演了。
After the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also his spirit development, i. e. education.
小宝宝来到这个世界后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
After our little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also his spirit development, i. e. education.
我们的小宝宝来到这个世界之后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为自己的降负责,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
After this little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also his spirit development, i. e. education.
在这个小宝宝来到这个世界之后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
As the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also his spirit development, i. e. education.
当小宝宝来到这个世界时,妈妈和爸爸不仅要为自己的降负责,而且要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
Since the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also his spirit development, i. e. education.
自从小宝宝来到这个世界以后,爸爸妈妈不仅要为他的健康,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
When the little baby came to this world, Mom and Dad shall be responsible for his life, not only for his health, but also his spirit development, i. e. education.
当小宝宝来到这个世界时,爸爸妈妈不仅要为自己的降负责,还要为他的精神发展,即教育负责。
If such education failed, then no matter how successful the parent's career is, one cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果这样的教育失败了,那么无论父母的事业多么成功,一个人都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If formal education failed, then no matter how successful the parent's career is, one cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果正规教育失败,那么无论父母的事业多么成功,一个人都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If their education failed, then no matter how successful the parent's career is, one cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果他们的教育失败了,那么无论父母的事业多么成功,一个人都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If higher education failed, then no matter how successful the parent's career is, one cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果高等教育失败,那么无论父母的事业多么成功,一个人都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If an education failed, then no matter how successful the parent's career is, one cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果教育失败,那么无论父母的事业多么成功,一个人都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
If the education failed, then no matter how successful the parent's career is, one cannot make up for the shortcomings of life and family failure.
如果教育失败,那么无论父母的事业多么成功,一个人都无法弥补生活和家庭失败的不足。
When a new baby is born, the new parents need to spend time in taking care of and educating it, and be responsible for it.
新生儿出生后,新父母需要花时间照料和教育孩子,并对此负责。
When the new baby is born, the new parents need to spend time in taking care of and educating it, and be responsible for it.
新生儿出生后,新父母需要花时间照料和教育孩子,并对此负责。
Once a new baby is born, the new parents need to spend time in taking care of and educating it, and be responsible for it.
新生儿出生后,新父母需要花时间照顾和教育孩子,并对此负责。
If a new baby is born, the new parents need to spend time in taking care of and educating it, and be responsible for it.
如果新生儿出生,新父母需要花费时间来照料和教育孩子,并对此负责。
When a new baby is born, the new parents have to spend time in taking care of and educating it, and be responsible for it.
新生儿出生后,新父母必须花时间照料和教育孩子,并对此负责。
When a new baby is born, its new parents need to spend time in taking care of and educating it, and be responsible for it.
新生儿出生后,新父母需要花时间照顾和教育孩子,并对此负责。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为、成长和成功。
And this is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
这不仅表现在对身体的关怀上,使他们健康,还表现在对精神的教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为,如何成长和成功。
And it is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
它不仅表现在对身体的关怀上,使他们健康,还表现在对精神的教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为,如何成长和成功。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children know how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,即让孩子懂得如何行为、如何成长、如何成功。
And that is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children learn how to behave, grow up and succeed.
这不仅表现在对身体的关怀上,使他们健康,还表现在对精神的教育上,也就是说,让孩子学会如何行为,如何成长和成功。
And responsibility is not only reflected in the care of body, making them healthy, but also the education of spirit. That is, to make children understand how to behave, grow up and succeed.
责任感不仅体现在对身体的关怀上,也体现在对身体的健康教育上,即让孩子懂得如何行为、成长和成功。
High-quality family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
高质量的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增强智力。
High-quality family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them acquire knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
高质量的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,使他们获得更好的知识,增强智力。
High-quality family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and increase intelligence.
高质量的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,增加智力。
High-quality family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them learn knowledge better and improve intelligence.
高质量的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,让孩子学好知识,提高智力。
High-quality family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and help them learn knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
高质量的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们发展文明行为,帮助他们更好地学习知识,增强智力。
High-quality family education means that parents often need to accompany their children, take care of them patiently and teach them develop a civilized behavior and make them grasp knowledge better and enhance intelligence.
高质量的家庭教育意味着父母经常需要陪伴孩子,耐心地照顾孩子,教他们养成文明的行为,使他们更好地掌握知识,增强智力。
Parents'words and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ".
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
Parents'words and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. So that is the so called, " like father, like son ".
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
Fathers'words and deeds will affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ".
父亲的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
Parents'words and deeds will influence the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ".
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
Parents'words and deeds can affect the growth of their children because they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ".
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,因为他们会模仿他们的父母。这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
Parents'words and deeds will affect the growth of their children as they will imitate their parents. And that is the so called, " like father, like son ".
父母的言语和行为会影响孩子的成长,就像他们模仿父母一样,这就是所谓的“像父亲,像儿子”。
So the parent need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character and make them more excellent.
因此,家长需要成为孩子面前的好榜样,规范我们的言语,培养我们的性格,这间接地帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他们更加优秀。
So a parent need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character and make them more excellent.
因此,家长需要成为孩子面前的好榜样,规范我们的言语,培养我们的性格,这间接地帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他们更加优秀。
So every parent need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character and make them more excellent.
因此,每个家长都要在孩子面前树立好榜样,规范我们的话语,培养我们的性格,这间接地帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他们更加优秀。
But the parent need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character and make them more excellent.
但是,家长需要成为孩子面前的好榜样,规范我们的话语,培养我们的角色,这间接地会帮助孩子塑造他们自己的优秀品质,使他们更加优秀。
And the parent need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children shape their own excellent character and make them more excellent.
父母需要成为孩子面前的好榜样,规范我们的言语,培养我们的性格,这间接地帮助孩子塑造自己的优秀品质,使他们更加优秀。
So the parent need to be a good example in front of children, regulate our words, cultivate our characters, which will indirectly help children develop their own excellent character and make them more excellent.
因此,家长需要成为孩子面前的好榜样,规范我们的话语,培养我们的角色,这间接地会帮助孩子发展他们自己的优秀品质,使他们更加优秀。
Amy is a smart and pretty girl.
艾美是个聪明漂亮的女孩.
Amy was a smart and pretty girl.
艾美是个聪明漂亮的女孩.
She is a smart and pretty girl.
她是一个聪明漂亮的女孩.
Amy is a bright and pretty girl.
艾美是个聪明漂亮的女孩.
Amy is a smart and beautiful girl.
艾美是个聪明漂亮的女孩.
Amy is a smart and pretty woman.
艾美是个聪明漂亮的女人.
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapt to the environment quite well.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapt to the environment very well.
她很外向,能和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapt to the environment extremely well.
她很外向,能和朋友相处得很好,此外,她还能够很好地适应环境。
She is outgoing and will get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapt to the environment quite well.
她很外向,会和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adjust to the environment quite well.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以很好地适应环境。
She is outgoing and can get along well with friends. In addition, she can adapt to the environment as well.
她很外向,可以和朋友相处得很好,另外,她还可以适应环境。
However, Amy has a little secret : she cannot concentrate long on study and work assignment.
然而, 艾美有一个小秘密: 她不能把精力集中在学习和工作上.
Unfortunately, Amy has a little secret : she cannot concentrate long on study and work assignment.
不幸的是, 艾美有一个小秘密: 她不能把精力集中在学习和工作上.
However, Amy has a little secret : she cannot concentrate long on study or work assignment.
然而, 艾美有一个小秘密: 她不能集中精力学习或工作.
However, Amy has a little secret : she cannot focus long on study and work assignment.
然而, 艾美有一个小秘密: 她不能把注意力集中在学习和工作任务上.
However, Amy hides a little secret : she cannot concentrate long on study and work assignment.
然而, 艾美却隐瞒了一个小秘密: 她不能把精力集中在学习和工作上.
However, Amy has a little secret : she cannot concentrate long on study and homework assignment.
然而, 艾美有一个小秘密: 她不能把精力集中在学习和家庭作业上.
This secret has accompanied Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not so serious.
这个秘密一直伴随着艾美, 通常问题不那么严重.
The secret has accompanied Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not so serious.
艾美的秘密已经存在很长时间了, 通常问题不那么严重.
This problem has accompanied Amy for a long time. Usually the problem is not so serious.
这个问题一直伴随着艾美, 通常问题并不严重.
This secret has accompanied Amy for a long time. Usually this problem is not so serious.
这个秘密一直伴随着艾美, 通常这个问题不那么严重.
This secret has accompanied Amy for a long time. Now the problem is not so serious.
这个秘密一直伴随着艾美,现在问题不那么严重了。
This secret has accompanied Amy for a long time. But the problem is not so serious.
这个秘密一直伴随着艾美,但问题并不严重。
She can complete the task basically, and achieve good results even though she learns and works in decentralized and modular time.
她能够基本完成这项任务,并且即使在分散化和模块化的时间里学习和工作,也能够取得良好的效果。
She will complete the task basically, and achieve good results even though she learns and works in decentralized and modular time.
她将基本上完成这项任务,并取得良好的成果,即使她学习和工作分散化和模块化的时间。
She must complete the task basically, and achieve good results even though she learns and works in decentralized and modular time.
她必须基本完成这项任务,并且即使在分散化和模块化的时间里学习和工作,也要取得良好的效果。
She can complete the task basically, and get good results even though she learns and works in decentralized and modular time.
她能够基本完成这项任务,并且即使在分散化和模块化的时间里学习和工作,也能取得良好的效果。
She can complete the task easily, and achieve good results even though she learns and works in decentralized and modular time.
她能够轻松地完成这项任务,并且即使在分散化和模块化的时间里学习和工作,也能够取得良好的效果。
She can complete the task basically, and achieve good results even though she learns and works in decentralised and modular time.
她能够基本完成这项任务,并且即使在分散化和模块化的时间里学习和工作,也能够取得良好的效果。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and torturous.
然而,当任务沉重而急迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和难以忍受。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels extremely painful and torturous.
然而,当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到极度的疼痛和烦躁。
However, when the task becomes heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and torturous.
然而,当任务变得沉重和紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和难以忍受。
However, when the task is hard and pressing, Amy feels very painful and torturous.
然而,当任务艰难而急迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和烦躁。
However, when the task is difficult and pressing, Amy feels very painful and torturous.
然而,当任务很困难和压迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和扭扭。
However, when the task is heavy and pressing, Amy feels very painful and tortuous.
然而,当任务沉重而紧迫时,艾美感到非常痛苦和曲折。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
个人对自我暴露的抗拒及其情感体验是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
The person's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
人对自我暴露的抗拒以及他的情感体验是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁的。
An individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-awareness and self-esteem from threatening.
一个人对自我暴露和情感体验的抗拒是防止个人自我意识和自尊受到威胁。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-knowledge and self-esteem from threatening.
个体对自我暴露的抗拒和情感体验是防止个体的自我认知和自尊受到威胁。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-identity and self-esteem from threatening.
个体对自我暴露的抗拒和自己的情感体验是防止个体的自我认同和自尊不受威胁的。
The individual's resistance to self-exposure and his emotional experience is to prevent the individual's self-concept and self-esteem from threatening.
个体对自我暴露的抗拒和自己的情感体验是防止个体的自我概念和自尊受到威胁的。
And some behaviorist psychologists regard the resistance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家认为,抗拒是个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
And many behaviorist psychologists regard the resistance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
许多行为心理学家认为,抗拒是个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
And some behaviorist psychologists view the resistance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家认为,抗拒是个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
But some behaviorist psychologists regard the resistance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
但一些行为心理学家认为,抗拒是个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
and some behaviorist psychologists regard the resistance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家认为,抗拒是个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒。
And some behaviorist psychologists see the resistance as an individual's disobedience to their behavioral corrections.
一些行为心理学家认为,抗拒是个人对自身行为矫正的抗拒.
I tried to let Amy do an exercise, that is, to breathe relaxedly to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,也就是说,放松呼吸,镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
I had to let Amy do an exercise, that is, to breathe relaxedly to calm down and feel the torment.
我不得不让艾美做一次锻炼,也就是说,放松呼吸,镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
I decided to let Amy do an exercise, that is, to breathe relaxedly to calm down and feel the torment.
我决定让艾美做一次锻炼,也就是说,放松呼吸,镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
I needed to let Amy do an exercise, that is, to breathe relaxedly to calm down and feel the torment.
我需要让艾美做一次锻炼,也就是说,放松呼吸,镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
I have to let Amy do an exercise, that is, to breathe relaxedly to calm down and feel the torment.
我不得不让艾美做一次锻炼,也就是说,放松呼吸,镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
I tried to let Amy have an exercise, that is, to breathe relaxedly to calm down and feel the torment.
我试图让艾美做一次锻炼,也就是说,放松呼吸,镇定下来,感觉到痛苦。
And she felt relaxed and regained freedom once leaving the trapped situation.
离开困境后,她感到放松并重获自由。
And he felt relaxed and regained freedom once leaving the trapped situation.
一旦摆脱了困境,他感到了放松并重新获得了自由。
And I felt relaxed and regained freedom once leaving the trapped situation.
一旦摆脱了困境,我感到放松了,重新获得了自由。
Now she felt relaxed and regained freedom once leaving the trapped situation.
现在,她一旦摆脱了困境,感到了放松并重新获得了自由。
But she felt relaxed and regained freedom once leaving the trapped situation.
但是一旦她摆脱了困境,她感到了放松并重新获得了自由。
Somehow she felt relaxed and regained freedom once leaving the trapped situation.
不知怎么的,她一离开被困的境地,就感到放松了,重新获得了自由.
The 63-year-old tramp Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after drinking alcohol. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a knife.
这位63岁的流浪汉和另一个流浪汉在饮酒后发生了争执,然后汉用刀刺死肖。
The 20-year-old tramp Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after drinking alcohol. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a knife.
20岁的汉和另一个流浪汉在饮酒后发生了争执,然后韩用刀刺死肖。
The 19-year-old tramp Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after drinking alcohol. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a knife.
19岁的汉和另一个流浪汉在饮酒后发生了争执,然后韩用刀刺死肖。
The 18-year-old tramp Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after drinking alcohol. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a knife.
18岁的汉和另一个流浪汉在饮酒后发生了争执,然后韩用刀刺死肖。
The 17-year-old tramp Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after drinking alcohol. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a knife.
十七岁的汉和另一个流浪汉在饮酒后发生了争执,然后韩用刀刺死肖。
The 14-year-old tramp Han and another tramp Xiao had a dispute after drinking alcohol. Then Han stabbed Xiao to death with a knife.
14岁的汉和另一个流浪汉在饮酒后发生了争执,然后韩用刀刺死肖。
According to Han, he and the tramp Xiao lived in the same lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
据韩说,他和小流浪汉同住在东城区的同一车道上,两条车道相距只有20米。
According to Han, he and the tramp Xiao lived in the same lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 30 meters apart.
据韩说,他和小流浪汉同住在东城区的同一车道上,两条车道相距只有30米。
According to Han, he and the tramp Xiao lived in the same lane of Xicheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
据韩说,他和小流浪汉住在西城区的同一车道上,两条车道相距只有20米。
According to Han, he and the tramp Xiao lived in the same lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 50 meters apart.
据韩说,他和小流浪汉同住在东城区的同一车道上,两条车道相距只有50米。
According to Han, he and the tramp Xiao lived on the same lane of Dongcheng District. The two were just 20 meters apart.
据韩说,他和小流浪汉住在东城区的同一条车道上,两条车道相距只有20米。
According to Han, he and the tramp Xiao lived in the same lane of Dongcheng District. The two were only 20 meters apart.
据韩说,他和小流浪汉同住在东城区的同一车道上,两条车道相距只有20米。
On the day of the crime, the two were asked by a friend to drink alcohol. And the two had disputes during and after the meal, respectively.
犯案那天,朋友叫两个人喝酒,他们两人在吃饭前后分别有争执。
On the day of the crime, the two were asked by a friend to drink alcohol. And the two had disputes before and after the meal, respectively.
犯案那天,朋友叫两个人喝酒,他们两人在饭前和饭后分别有争执。
On the day of the crime, the two were asked by a friend to drink alcohol. Then the two had disputes during and after the meal, respectively.
案发当天,两人被一位朋友请去喝酒,然后两人在吃饭前后分别发生了争执。
On the day of the crime, the two were told by a friend to drink alcohol. And the two had disputes during and after the meal, respectively.
犯案那天,一个朋友叫两个人喝酒,他们两人在吃饭前后分别有争执。
On the day of the crime, the two were asked by a friend to drink alcohol. And the two had disputes during and after their meal, respectively.
犯案那天,朋友叫两个人喝酒,他们两人在吃饭前后分别有争执。
On the day of the crime, the two were asked by a friend to drink alcohol. But the two had disputes during and after the meal, respectively.
案发当天,两人被一位朋友请去喝酒,但两人在吃饭前后分别有争执。
He was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
他害怕小肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
He is afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
他怕小小会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
He was afraid that Xiao would hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
他害怕肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
He was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife in the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
他怕小小会打他,于是他拿起一把水果刀在垃圾堆里,刺死了他。
He was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up the fruit knife from the garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
他害怕小肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起水果刀,刺死他。
He was afraid that Xiao may hit him, so he picked up a fruit knife from a garbage pile and stabbed him to death.
他害怕小肖会打他,于是他从垃圾堆里拿起一把水果刀,刺死他。
At the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the name of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿的名义总共赔偿530,000元。
At the court, the victim's family requested Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the name of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿的名义赔偿530,000元。
In the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the name of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿的名义总共赔偿530,000元。
Before the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the name of funeral expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿的名义赔偿530,000元。
At the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the name of funeral costs and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以丧葬费和死亡赔偿的名义总共赔偿530,000元。
At the court, the victim's family asked Han to compensate for a total of 530, 000 yuan in the name of court expenses and compensation for death.
在法庭上,受害人家属要求韩以法院费用和死亡赔偿的名义总共赔偿530,000元。
Uber caused a big impact on the local traditional taxi industry four years after joining the Taiwanese market.
乌伯在加入台湾市场4年后,对当地传统出租车行业产生了重大影响。
Uber caused a big impact on the local traditional taxi industry three years after joining the Taiwanese market.
加入台湾市场三年后,乌伯(Uber)对当地传统出租车业产生了重大影响。
Uber caused a big impact on the local traditional taxi industry five years after joining the Taiwanese market.
乌伯在加入台湾市场五年后,对当地传统出租车行业造成了巨大影响。
Uber caused a big impact on the local traditional taxi industry two years after joining the Taiwanese market.
乌伯在加入台湾市场两年后,对当地传统出租车行业造成了巨大影响。
Uber caused a big impact on the local traditional taxi industry 10 years after joining the Taiwanese market.
在加入台湾市场10年后,Uber对当地传统出租车行业产生了重大影响。
Uber caused a big impact on the local traditional taxi industry several years after joining the Taiwanese market.
乌伯加入台湾市场几年后,对当地传统出租车行业产生了重大影响。
According to the information of Taiwan's " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies drove around Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest in the morning. This resulted in a serious traffic tie-up in the surrounding area.
据台湾8月12日《联合日报》报道,上午有100多家出租车公司在台湾行政院周围盘旋抗议,致使周边地区交通严重堵塞。
According to the information of Taiwan's " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies drove around Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest in the morning. It resulted in a serious traffic tie-up in the surrounding area.
据台湾8月12日《联合日报》报道,上午有100多家出租车公司在台湾行政院周围盘旋抗议,导致周边地区交通严重堵塞。
According to the information of Taiwan's " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies drove around Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest in the morning. This resulted in a serious traffic tie-down in the surrounding area.
据台湾8月12日《联合日报》报道,上午有100多家出租车公司在台湾行政院周围盘旋抗议,致使周边地区交通严重堵塞。
According to the information of Taiwan's " United Daily News " on July 12, more than 100 taxies drove around Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest in the morning. This resulted in a serious traffic tie-up in the surrounding area.
据台湾7月12日《联合日报》报道,上午有100多家出租车公司在台湾行政院附近开过车,抗议,结果导致周边地区交通严重堵塞。
According to the information of Taiwan's " United Daily News " on August 12, more than 100 taxies drove around Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest in the morning. This resulted in a serious traffic tie-in in the surrounding area.
据台湾8月12日《联合日报》报道,上午有100多家出租车公司在台湾行政院周围盘旋抗议,致使周边地区交通严重堵塞。
According to the information of Taiwan's " United Daily News " on April 12, more than 100 taxies drove around Taiwan Executive Yuan for protest in the morning. This resulted in a serious traffic tie-up in the surrounding area.
据台湾4月12日《联合日报》报道,上午有100多家出租车公司在台湾行政院附近开过车,抗议,结果导致周边地区交通严重堵塞。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authorities did not launch any meeting until the end of this month. This made drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但当局直到本月底才召开任何会议,这使司机等不及了,台北司机工会主席郑立佳说。
It has been three years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authorities did not launch any meeting until the end of this month. This made drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
自乌伯抵达台湾已经有三年了,但当局直到本月底才召开任何会议,这使司机等不及了,台北司机工会主席郑立佳说。
It had been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authorities did not launch any meeting until the end of this month. This made drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
台北司机工会主席郑立佳说,乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但当局直到本月底才召开任何会议,这使司机等不及了。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authorities did not launch any meeting until the end of this month. This made drivers cannot wait any more, said Zhang Lijia, chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但当局直到本月底才召开任何会议,这使司机等不及了,台北司机工会主席张立佳说。
It has been four years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authorities did not launch any meeting until the end of this month. This made drivers cannot wait any more, said Liu Lijia, chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
台北司机工会主席刘立佳说,乌伯抵达台湾已经4年了,但当局直到本月底才召开任何会议,这使司机等不及了。
It has been five years since the arrival of Uber in Taiwan, but the authorities did not launch any meeting until the end of this month. This made drivers cannot wait any more, said Zheng Lijia, chairman of Taipei Driver Union.
乌伯抵达台湾已经五年了,但当局直到本月底才召开任何会议,这使司机等不及了,台北司机工会主席郑立佳说。
However, the government failed to keep faith and delayed again and again.
然而,政府未能保持信心,一再拖延。
However, the government refused to keep faith and delayed again and again.
然而,政府拒绝信守信念,一再拖延。
However, the government tried to keep faith and delayed again and again.
然而,政府试图保持信心,一再拖延。
However, the government continued to keep faith and delayed again and again.
然而,政府继续保持信心,一再拖延。
However, the government failed to keep faith and delayed time and again.
然而,政府未能保持信心,一再拖延。
However, the government decided to keep faith and delayed again and again.
然而,政府决定保持信心,一再拖延。
The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt that they were deceived by the authorities.
守法的出租车司机处于社会底层,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,觉得自己被当局欺骗了。
Many law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt that they were deceived by the authorities.
许多守法的出租车司机是社会底层的,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,觉得自己被当局欺骗了。
The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are on the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt that they were deceived by the authorities.
守法的出租车司机身处社会底层,不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,觉得自己被当局欺骗了。
The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are in the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt that they were deceived by the authorities.
身处社会底层的守法的出租车司机不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,觉得自己被当局欺骗了。
The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of their society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and felt that they were deceived by the authorities.
守法的出租车司机处于社会底层,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,觉得自己被当局欺骗了。
The law-abiding taxi drivers, who are at the bottom of the society, had to compete with the unrestrained Uber and believed that they were deceived by the authorities.
守法的出租车司机处于社会底层,他们不得不与不受约束的Uber竞争,认为他们被当局欺骗了。
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Sold the 2, 000 Hens Which Were Checked And Detained by the Court Without Permission
原名:江苏农场主因出卖了法院未经批准而扣押的2000只母鸡而受到惩罚
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Sold the 3, 000 Hens Which Were Checked And Detained by the Court Without Permission
原名:江苏农场主因卖出法院未经批准检查拘留的3 000只母鸡而受到惩罚
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Sold the 5, 000 Hens Which Were Checked And Detained by the Court Without Permission
原名:江苏农场主因卖出法院未经批准检查拘留的五千只母鸡而受罚
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Sold the 10, 000 Hens Which Were Checked And Detained by the Court Without Permission
原名:江苏农场主因卖出一万只被法院未经批准检查拘留的母鸡而受到惩罚
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Is Punished Because He Sold the 2, 000 Hens Which Were Checked And Detained by the Court Without Permission
原名:江苏农场主因卖出法院未经批准检查拘留的2000只母鸡而受罚
Original title : The Owner of A Jiangsu Farm Was Punished Because He Sold the 20, 000 Hens Which Were Checked And Detained by the Court Without Permission
原名:江苏农场主因未经法院许可出卖了2000,000只被法院检查拘留的鸡而受到惩罚
After the verdict came into effect, the person surnamed Li did not voluntarily fulfill the obligation determined by the verdict, so another person surnamed Wang applied for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,姓李的人没有主动履行判决规定的义务,因此姓王的又一个姓王的人向书阳法院申请执行。
Once the verdict came into effect, the person surnamed Li did not voluntarily fulfill the obligation determined by the verdict, so another person surnamed Wang applied for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,姓李的人没有自愿履行判决规定的义务,因此姓王的又一个姓王的人向书阳法院申请执行。
When the verdict came into effect, the person surnamed Li did not voluntarily fulfill the obligation determined by the verdict, so another person surnamed Wang applied for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
当判决生效时,姓李的人并没有主动履行判决规定的义务,因此姓王的又一个姓王的人向Shuyang法院申请执行。
After the verdict came into effect, the person surnamed Li could not voluntarily fulfill the obligation determined by the verdict, so another person surnamed Wang applied for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,姓李的人不能自觉地履行判决规定的义务,因此姓王的又一个姓王的人向书阳法院申请执行。
After the verdict went into effect, the person surnamed Li did not voluntarily fulfill the obligation determined by the verdict, so another person surnamed Wang applied for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
判决生效后,姓李的人没有主动履行判决规定的义务,因此姓王的又一个姓王的人向书阳法院申请执行。
Before the verdict came into effect, the person surnamed Li did not voluntarily fulfill the obligation determined by the verdict, so another person surnamed Wang applied for enforcement to the Shuyang court.
在判决生效前,姓李的人没有主动履行判决规定的义务,因此姓王的又一个姓王的人向书阳法院申请执行。
On October 16, 2014, the Shuyang court made a civil ruling, which ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall be seized and shall not be transferred or sold without permission.
2014年10月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定没收所有2 000只种田鸡,不得擅自转移或出售。
On September 16, 2014, the Shuyang court made a civil ruling, which ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall be seized and shall not be transferred or sold without permission.
2014年9月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定没收所有2 000只种田鸡,未经批准不得转让或出售。
On November 16, 2014, the Shuyang court made a civil ruling, which ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall be seized and shall not be transferred or sold without permission.
2014年11月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定没收所有2 000只种田鸡,不得擅自转移或出售。
On July 16, 2014, the Shuyang court made a civil ruling, which ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall be seized and shall not be transferred or sold without permission.
2014年7月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定没收所有2 000只种田鸡,未经批准不得转让或出售。
On December 16, 2014, the Shuyang court made a civil ruling, which ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall be seized and shall not be transferred or sold without permission.
2014年12月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定没收所有2 000只种田鸡,未经批准不得转让或出售。
On August 16, 2014, the Shuyang court made a civil ruling, which ruled that all of the 2, 000 farm laying hens shall be seized and shall not be transferred or sold without permission.
2014年8月16日,树阳法院作出民事裁决,裁定没收所有2 000只种田鸡,未经批准不得转让或出售。
After receiving the distrain ruling, Li sold some of the egg laying hens without the permission of the Shuyang court.
在接到撤销裁决后,李光耀未经顺阳法院许可,将鸡蛋卖了一部分。
After hearing the distrain ruling, Li sold some of the egg laying hens without the permission of the Shuyang court.
听了撤销裁决后,李光耀未经顺阳法院许可,擅自卖掉了一些鸡蛋。
After reading the distrain ruling, Li sold some of the egg laying hens without the permission of the Shuyang court.
在阅读了断层裁决之后,李在未经顺阳法院同意的情况下卖掉了一些产卵母鸡。
Upon receiving the distrain ruling, Li sold some of the egg laying hens without the permission of the Shuyang court.
在收到撤销裁决后,李光耀未经顺阳法院许可,将鸡蛋卖了一部分。
After receiving the distrain ruling, Li sold some of the egg laying hens with the permission of the Shuyang court.
在接到撤诉的裁决后,李在顺阳法院的许可下卖掉了一些产卵母鸡。
After receiving the distrain ruling, Li sold some of the egg laying hens without the approval of the Shuyang court.
在接到撤销裁决后,李光耀未经顺阳法院批准,将鸡蛋卖了一部分。
On March 8, 2015, when Shuyang County's Public Security Bureau came for an inspection, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
2015年3月8日,树阳县公安局前来检查时,农场内只有142层土地。
On February 8, 2015, when Shuyang County's Public Security Bureau came for an inspection, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
2015年2月8日,树阳县公安局前来检查时,农场内只有142层土地。
On April 8, 2015, when Shuyang County's Public Security Bureau came for an inspection, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
2015年4月8日,树阳县公安局前来检查时,农场内只有142层土地。
On January 8, 2015, when Shuyang County's Public Security Bureau came for an inspection, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
2015年1月8日,树阳县公安局前来检查时,农场内只有142层土地。
On July 8, 2015, when Shuyang County's Public Security Bureau came for an inspection, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
2015年7月8日,树阳县公安局前来检查时,农场内只有142层土地。
On June 8, 2015, when Shuyang County's Public Security Bureau came for an inspection, there were only 142 layers on the farm.
2015年6月8日,树阳县公安局前来检查时,农场内只有142层土地。
Journalists learned on August 12 that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games issued a notice that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games would inherit the emblem and signs and other intellectual property rights of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
记者于8月12日获悉,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会发出通知,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会将继承2022年奥运会和残奥会投标委员会的徽章、标志和其他知识产权。
Journalists learned on August 12 that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games issued a notice that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games will inherit the emblem and signs and other intellectual property rights of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
记者于8月12日获悉,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会发出通知,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会将继承2022年奥运会和残奥会投标委员会的徽章、标志和其他知识产权。
Journalists learned on August 12 that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games posted a notice that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games would inherit the emblem and signs and other intellectual property rights of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
记者于8月12日获悉,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会发出通知,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会将继承2022年奥运会和残奥会投标委员会的徽章、标志和其他知识产权。
Journalists learned on August 12 that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games sent a notice that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games would inherit the emblem and signs and other intellectual property rights of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
记者于8月12日获悉,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会发出通知,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会将继承2022年奥运会和残奥会投标委员会的徽章、标志和其他知识产权。
Journalists learned on August 12 that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games filed a notice that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games would inherit the emblem and signs and other intellectual property rights of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
记者于8月12日获悉,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季运动会北京组织委员会发出通知,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季运动会北京组织委员会将继承2022年奥运会和残奥会投标委员会的徽章、标志和其他知识产权。
Journalists learned on July 12 that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games issued a notice that the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games would inherit the emblem and signs and other intellectual property rights of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games.
记者在7月12日获悉,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会发出通知,2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会北京组织委员会将继承2022年奥运会和残奥会投标委员会的徽章、标志和其他知识产权。
Without the permission of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, no one is allowed to use the emblem and signs of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京奥运和残奥会组织委员会批准,任何人不得将2022年奥运和残奥会投标委员会的徽章和标志用于商业目的。
Without the consent of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, no one is allowed to use the emblem and signs of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京奥运和残奥会组织委员会同意,任何人不得将2022年奥运和残奥会投标委员会的徽章和标志用于商业目的。
Without the permission of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, no one is permitted to use the emblem and signs of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会组织委员会许可,任何人不得将2022年奥运会和残奥会冬季奥运会投标委员会的徽章和标志用于商业目的。
With the permission of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, no one is allowed to use the emblem and signs of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
经北京奥运和残奥会组织委员会批准,任何人不得将2022年奥运和残奥会投标委员会的徽章和标志用于商业目的。
Without the approval of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, no one is allowed to use the emblem and signs of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京奥运和残奥会组织委员会批准,任何人不得将2022年奥运和残奥会投标委员会的徽章和标志用于商业目的。
Without the agreement of the Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, no one is allowed to use the emblem and signs of the Bid Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games for commercial purposes.
未经北京奥运和残奥会组织委员会同意,任何人不得将2022年奥运和残奥会投标委员会的徽章和标志用于商业目的。
The head of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that iron and steel overcapacity becomes a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长今天指出,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
The director of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that iron and steel overcapacity becomes a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长今天指出,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
The Chief of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that iron and steel overcapacity becomes a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长今天指出,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
The chairman of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that iron and steel overcapacity becomes a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调部主席今天指出,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
The Director of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that iron and steel overcapacity becomes a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调司司长今天指出,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
The Chairman of the Department of Industrial Coordination of the National Development and Reform Commission pointed out today that iron and steel overcapacity becomes a global problem.
国家发展和改革委员会工业协调部主席今天指出,钢铁产能过剩已成为一个全球性问题。
China's capacity utilization in recent years was higher than the global average, and also higher than that of countries like the United States and those in Europe.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国和欧洲等国。
China's capacity utilization in recent years was greater than the global average, and also higher than that of countries like the United States and those in Europe.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国和欧洲等国。
China's capacity utilization in recent years was higher than the global average, and also higher than that of countries like the United States or those in Europe.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国或欧洲国家。
China's capacity utilization in recent years was higher than the global average, and also higher than that of nations like the United States and those in Europe.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国和欧洲等国。
China's capacity utilization in recent years was higher than the world average, and also higher than that of countries like the United States and those in Europe.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于世界平均水平,也高于美国等欧洲国家。
China's capacity utilization in recent years was higher than the global average, and also higher than those of countries like the United States and those in Europe.
近年来,中国的产能利用率高于全球平均水平,也高于美国和欧洲等国。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the achievements are gradually made.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决能力过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
China has adopted resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the achievements are gradually made.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决能力过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the achievements were gradually made.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决能力过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
China has taken resolute and effective steps to resolve excess capacity, and the achievements are gradually made.
中国采取坚决、有效的措施解决能力过剩问题,并逐步取得成效。
India has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the achievements are gradually made.
印度 采取 了 坚决 和 有效 的 措施 来 解决 能力 过剩 问题, 并 逐渐 取得 成就 。
Government has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity, and the achievements are gradually made.
政府采取了坚决、有效的措施解决能力过剩问题,并逐步取得成绩。
The CPC Central Committee and the State Council attached great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity, according to the person in charge.
中共中央和国务院十分重视钢铁产能过剩这一全球性问题。
The CPC Central Committee and the State Council assigned great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity, according to the person in charge.
中共中央和国务院十分重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The CPC Central Committee and the State Council gave great importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity, according to the person in charge.
中共中央和国务院十分重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The CPC Central Committee and the State Council attached great importance to the global problem of iron and steel incapacity, according to the person in charge.
中共中央和国务院十分重视全球钢铁残废问题。
The CPC Central Committee and the State Council attached special importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity, according to the person in charge.
据负责人介绍,中共中央和国务院特别重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
The CPC Central Committee and the State Council attached particular importance to the global problem of iron and steel overcapacity, according to the person in charge.
据负责人介绍,中共中央和国务院特别重视全球钢铁产能过剩问题。
All departments and regions have actively implemented the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carried out the work, and reduced crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区积极部署国务院,认真落实,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
The departments and regions have actively implemented the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carried out the work, and reduced crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区积极部署国务院,认真落实,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
All ministries and regions have actively implemented the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carried out the work, and reduced crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各部、各地区积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
All provinces and regions have actively implemented the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carried out the work, and reduced crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各省、地区积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
All departments and regions have actively implemented the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carried out the work, and reduced crude steel production capacity by 3 million tons this year.
各部门、各地区积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年粗钢产量减少了300万吨。
All districts and regions have actively implemented the deployment of the State Council, earnestly carried out the work, and reduced crude steel production capacity by 45 million tons this year.
各地区、地区积极部署国务院,认真做好,今年粗钢生产能力减少4500万吨。
In view of China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. Instead, it takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
鉴于中国的国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
In light of China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. Instead, it takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
根据中国国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
In view of China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. Rather, it takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
鉴于中国的国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
In spite of China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. Instead, it takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
尽管中国国情不同,但并不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
In view of China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel export. Instead, it takes a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
鉴于中国的国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
In view of China's national conditions, China does not encourage steel exports. Instead, it uses a series of practical measures to control steel exports.
鉴于中国的国情,中国不鼓励钢铁出口,而是采取一系列切实措施控制钢铁出口。
The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products was essentially a market behavior and an independent choice due to the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责人强调,由于进口国的要求,在考虑到产品成本和其他因素之后,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为和一种独立选择。
The officer in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products was essentially a market behavior and an independent choice due to the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责官员强调,由于进口国的要求,在考虑到产品成本和其他因素之后,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为和一种独立选择。
The person in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products is essentially a market behavior and an independent choice due to the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责人强调,由于进口国的要求,在考虑了产品成本和其他因素之后,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为和一种独立选择。
The officials in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products was essentially a market behavior and an independent choice due to the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
负责官员强调,由于进口国的要求,在考虑了产品成本和其他因素之后,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为和一种独立选择。
The Minister in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products was essentially a market behavior and an independent choice due to the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
主管部长强调,由于进口国的要求,在考虑到产品成本和其他因素之后,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为和一种独立选择。
The minister in charge stressed that the international trade of iron and steel products was essentially a market behavior and an independent choice due to the requirement of importing countries and after considering the product cost and other factors.
主管部长强调,由于进口国的要求以及在考虑到产品成本和其他因素之后,钢铁产品的国际贸易基本上是一种市场行为和一种独立选择。
The implementation of trade protection measures cannot help fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
贸易保护措施的实施不能从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,只能对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The adoption of trade protection measures cannot help fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
采取贸易保护措施,根本上解决不了全球钢铁行业发展问题,只能对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The introduction of trade protection measures cannot help fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
贸易保护措施的出台,根本上解决不了全球钢铁行业发展问题,只能对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures cannot help fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems. On the contrary, they will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施不能从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,只能对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures will help fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
实施贸易保护措施,从根本上解决全球钢铁行业发展问题,只会对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
The implementation of trade protection measures should help fundamentally solve the global steel industry development problems. On the contrary, it will only cause further impact on the international trade order.
贸易保护措施的实施应有助于从根本上解决全球钢铁行业的发展问题,相反,只能对国际贸易秩序产生进一步的影响。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem was to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle the important issues which need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problem is to properly handle those important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 妥善 处理 那些 需要 妥善 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of any debt problem is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 任何 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
When it comes to debt, the person in charge stressed that the resolution of the debt problems is to properly handle the important issues that need proper handling.
在 债务 方面, 负责 的 人 强调, 解决 债务 问题 的 办法 是 适当 处理 需要 适当 处理 的 重要 问题 。
As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises and the debt relationship is complex, it may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模庞大,涉及企业众多,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
Since the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises and the debt relationship is complex, it may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业范围广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
Because the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises and the debt relationship is complex, it may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业范围广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
As most iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises and the debt relationship is complex, it may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于大多数钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业范围广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a broad range of enterprises and the debt relationship is complex, it may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模大,涉及企业范围广,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
As the iron and steel enterprises are large-scale and involve a wide range of enterprises and the debt relationship is complex, they may lead to regional risks if disposed of improperly.
由于钢铁企业规模庞大,涉及企业众多,债务关系复杂,如果处置不当,可能导致区域风险。
In recent years, with the increasing economic downward pressure, the total social demand gradually weakened, the utilization of some industry capacity decreased and enterprise production, operation and management difficulties increased, according to the person in charge.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分产业能力的利用率下降,企业生产经营管理难度增大。
In recent years, with the increasing economic downward pressure, the total social demand gradually weakened, the utilization of some industry capacity declined and enterprise production, operation and management difficulties increased, according to the person in charge.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下滑压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分产业利用能力下降,企业生产经营管理难度增大。
In subsequent years, with the increasing economic downward pressure, the total social demand gradually weakened, the utilization of some industry capacity decreased and enterprise production, operation and management difficulties increased, according to the person in charge.
以后几年,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分产业能力的利用率下降,企业生产经营管理难度增大。
In later years, with the increasing economic downward pressure, the total social demand gradually weakened, the utilization of some industry capacity decreased and enterprise production, operation and management difficulties increased, according to the person in charge.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的加大,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分产业利用能力下降,企业生产经营管理难度增大。
In recent years, with the increasing economic downward pressure, the total social demand gradually weakened, the utilization of some industry capacity diminished and enterprise production, operation and management difficulties increased, according to the person in charge.
据负责人介绍,近年来,随着经济下行压力的不断增大,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,一些行业能力的利用率下降,企业生产经营管理难度增大。
In recent years, with the increasing economic downward pressure, the total social demand gradually weakened, the utilization of some industry capacity reduced and enterprise production, operation and management difficulties increased, according to the person in charge.
近年来,随着经济下行压力的增加,社会需求总量逐渐减弱,部分产业利用能力减弱,企业生产经营管理难度增大。
Some enterprises find it difficult for them to sustain and some of them are even on the brink of collapse due to their failure to adapt to the market changes. However, restrained by some institutional factors, they are unable to withdraw and become " zombie enterprises "
有些企业难以维持,有些甚至因为无法适应市场的变化而濒临崩溃,但由于受到一些体制因素的制约,它们无法撤离,成为“僵尸企业”。
Some businesses find it difficult for them to sustain and some of them are even on the brink of collapse due to their failure to adapt to the market changes. However, restrained by some institutional factors, they are unable to withdraw and become " zombie enterprises "
有些企业难以维持,有些甚至因为无法适应市场的变化而濒临崩溃,但由于受到一些体制因素的制约,它们无法撤离,成为“僵尸企业”。
Some firms find it difficult for them to sustain and some of them are even on the brink of collapse due to their failure to adapt to the market changes. However, restrained by some institutional factors, they are unable to withdraw and become " zombie enterprises "
有些公司难以维持,有些甚至因为无法适应市场的变化而濒临崩溃,但由于受到一些体制因素的制约,它们无法撤离,成为“僵尸企业”。
Some companies find it difficult for them to sustain and some of them are even on the brink of collapse due to their failure to adapt to the market changes. However, restrained by some institutional factors, they are unable to withdraw and become " zombie enterprises "
有些公司难以维持,有些甚至因为无法适应市场的变化而濒临崩溃,但由于受到一些体制因素的限制,它们无法撤离,成为“僵尸企业”。
Many enterprises find it difficult for them to sustain and some of them are even on the brink of collapse due to their failure to adapt to the market changes. However, restrained by some institutional factors, they are unable to withdraw and become " zombie enterprises "
许多企业难以维持,有些甚至因为无法适应市场的变化而濒临崩溃,但由于受到一些体制因素的制约,它们无法撤离,成为“僵尸企业”。
Some enterprises find it difficult for them to sustain and some of them are even on the brink of collapse due to their failure to adapt to the market changes. Yet, restrained by some institutional factors, they are unable to withdraw and become " zombie enterprises "
有些企业难以维持,有些甚至因为无法适应市场的变化而濒临崩溃,但由于受到一些体制因素的制约,它们无法撤离,成为“僵尸企业”。
The existence of these companies distorted the market signals, reduced the element resources utilization efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of a market environment based on fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源利用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了在公平竞争的基础上建立市场环境。
The presence of these companies distorted the market signals, reduced the element resources utilization efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of a market environment based on fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源利用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了在公平竞争的基础上建立市场环境。
The establishment of these companies distorted the market signals, reduced the element resources utilization efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of a market environment based on fair competition.
这些公司的成立扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源利用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了建立在公平竞争基础上的市场环境。
The existence of these companies distorted the market signals, decreased the element resources utilization efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of a market environment based on fair competition.
这些公司的存在扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源利用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了在公平竞争的基础上建立市场环境。
The creation of these companies distorted the market signals, reduced the element resources utilization efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of a market environment based on fair competition.
这些公司的创立扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源利用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了在公平竞争的基础上建立市场环境。
The formation of these companies distorted the market signals, reduced the element resources utilization efficiency, increased the cost of social management, thereby hindering the establishment of a market environment based on fair competition.
这些公司的成立扭曲了市场信号,降低了要素资源利用效率,提高了社会管理成本,从而阻碍了在公平竞争的基础上建立市场环境。
The main reasons for the loss are the same as the dilemma confronted by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low capacity utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和产能利用率低的两难困境。
The underlying reasons for the loss are the same as the dilemma confronted by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low capacity utilization rate.
造成损失的根本原因与全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和产能利用率低的两难困境是相同的。
The economic reasons for the loss are the same as the dilemma confronted by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low capacity utilization rate.
造成损失的经济原因与全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和产能利用率低的两难困境是相同的。
The main reasons for the loss are the same as the dilemma confronted by the global steel industry-low market demand and low capacity utilization rate.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业市场需求低、利用率低的两难困境。
The main reasons for the loss are the same as the dilemma confronted by the global steel industry-high market demand and low capacity utilization rate.
损失的主要原因与全球钢铁行业的高市场需求和低容量利用率所面临的两难困境是相同的。
The main reasons for the loss are the same as the dilemma confronted by the global steel industry-weak market demand and low capacity utilization rates.
损失的主要原因是全球钢铁行业市场需求疲软和产能利用率低的两难困境。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law approaches. The government is mainly doing the work of providing primary protection to workers and keeping social stability to ensure a fair and equitable market order.
中国主要采取市场机制、经济手段和法治方针,主要为工人提供初级保护,维护社会稳定,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China also adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law approaches. The government is mainly doing the work of providing primary protection to workers and keeping social stability to ensure a fair and equitable market order.
中国还采用市场机制、经济手段和法治方针,主要从事对劳动者提供主要保护、维护社会稳定等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China generally adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law approaches. The government is mainly doing the work of providing primary protection to workers and keeping social stability to ensure a fair and equitable market order.
中国一般采用市场机制、经济手段和法治方针,主要从事对劳动者提供主要保护、维护社会稳定等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law approaches. The government is mainly doing the job of providing primary protection to workers and keeping social stability to ensure a fair and equitable market order.
中国主要采取市场机制、经济手段和法治方针,主要从事对劳动者提供初级保护、维护社会稳定等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law approaches. The government is mainly doing the task of providing primary protection to workers and keeping social stability to ensure a fair and equitable market order.
中国主要采取市场机制、经济手段和法治方针,主要从事对劳动者提供主要保护、维护社会稳定等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
China mainly adopts the market mechanism, economic means and the rule of law approaches. The government is mainly doing the work of providing primary protection for workers and keeping social stability to ensure a fair and equitable market order.
中国主要采取市场机制、经济手段和法治方针,主要从事为劳动者提供初级保护、维护社会稳定等工作,确保公平合理的市场秩序。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity reduction and ensuring the achievement of the objective of reducing 100-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保生产能力过剩的减少,确保在五年内实现减少1亿至1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的目标。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity reduction and ensuring the achievement of the objective of reducing 120-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保生产能力过剩的减少,确保在五年内实现减少1.2亿至1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的目标。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity reduction and ensuring the achievement of the objective of reducing 100-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity in five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保生产能力过剩的减少,确保实现在五年内减少1亿至1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的目标。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity reduction and ensuring the achievement of the objective of reducing 100-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within three years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保产能过剩的减少,确保在三年内实现减少1亿至1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的目标。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity reduction and ensuring the achievement of the objective of reducing 80-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within five years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保生产能力过剩的减少,确保在五年内实现减少80亿至1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的目标。
The person in charge stressed that the next step is to do a good job to ensure overcapacity reduction and ensuring the achievement of the objective of reducing 100-150 million tons of crude steel production capacity within two years.
负责人强调,下一步是做好工作,确保生产能力过剩的减少,确保在两年内实现减少1亿至1.5亿吨粗钢生产能力的目标。
On the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourism police at the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but stopping and looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥了挥手,当地人和外国游客忍不住停下来往回看。
In the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourism police at the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but stopping and looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥了挥手,当地人和外国游客忍不住停下来往回看。
On the evening of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourism police at the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but stopping and looking back.
本月十日晚上,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现,立即引起人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住停下来回头看一看。
On the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourism police at the Red Square in Moscow suddenly drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but stopping and looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现突然引起人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住停下来回头看看。
On the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourism police at the Red Square in Moscow again drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but stopping and looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察在莫斯科红火广场的出现再次引起人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住停下来回头看一看。
On the afternoon of the 10th day of the month, the appearance of Chinese tourism police on the Red Square in Moscow immediately drew people's attention. Chinese tourists waved with surprise, and the local people and foreign tourists cannot help but stopping and looking back.
本月10日下午,中国旅游警察出现在莫斯科红火广场,引起了人们的注意,中国游客惊讶地挥手致意,当地人和外国游客忍不住停下来回头看一看。
On the same day, China's first professional tourism police team-members of the Tourism Police Detachment of the Public Security Bureau of Sanya City, Hainan Province, came to the Red Square in Moscow for experience exchange and study with the local tourism police on duty.
同日,海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队第一支专业旅游警察队伍来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班的旅游警察交流经验和学习。
In the same day, China's first professional tourism police team-members of the Tourism Police Detachment of the Public Security Bureau of Sanya City, Hainan Province, came to the Red Square in Moscow for experience exchange and study with the local tourism police on duty.
同日,海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队第一支专业旅游警察队伍来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班的旅游警察交流经验和学习。
On the same day, China's first professional tourist police team-members of the Tourism Police Detachment of the Public Security Bureau of Sanya City, Hainan Province, came to the Red Square in Moscow for experience exchange and study with the local tourism police on duty.
同日,海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队第一支专业旅游警察队伍来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班的旅游警察交流经验和学习。
On the same day, China's first professional tourism police team-members of the Tourism Police Detachment of the Public Security Bureau of Sanya City, Hainan Province, came to the Red Square in Moscow for experience exchange and study with the local tourist police on duty.
同日,海南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队第一支专业旅游警察队伍来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班的旅游警察交流经验和学习。
On the same day, China's first professional tourism police team-members of the Tourism Police Detachment of the Public Security Bureau of Sanya City, Hunan Province, came to the Red Square in Moscow for experience exchange and study with the local tourism police on duty.
同日,湖南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队第一支专业旅游警察队伍来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班的旅游警察交流经验和学习。
On the same day, China's first professional tourism police team-members of the Tourism Police Detachment of the Public Security Bureau of Sanya City, Henan Province, came to the Red Square in Moscow for experience exchange and study with the local tourism police on duty.
同日,中国第一支专业旅游警察队伍——河南省三亚市公安局旅游警察分遣队来到莫斯科红场,与当地值班的旅游警察交流经验和学习。
Moscow tourism police are divided into three groups for patrol at the Red Square, Nicolieski Pedestrian Street and Gum Department Store. The Chinese tourism police followed them for study. The whole process lasted for more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为三组,在红场、尼哥列斯基行人街和古木百货商店巡逻。中国旅游警察跟随他们学习,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow tourist police are divided into three groups for patrol at the Red Square, Nicolieski Pedestrian Street and Gum Department Store. The Chinese tourism police followed them for study. The whole process lasted for more than an hour.
莫斯科的旅游警察分为三组,在红场、尼哥列斯基行人街和古木百货商店巡逻。中国的旅游警察跟随他们学习,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow tourism police are divided into three groups for patrol at the Red Square, Olieski Pedestrian Street and Gum Department Store. The Chinese tourism police followed them for study. The whole process lasted for more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为三组,在红场、奥利斯基行人街和古木百货公司巡逻。中国旅游警察跟随他们学习,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow tourism police are divided into three groups for patrol at the Red Square, Yulieski Pedestrian Street and Gum Department Store. The Chinese tourism police followed them for study. The whole process lasted for more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为三组,在红场、裕利木行人街和观光百货公司巡逻。中国旅游警察跟随他们学习,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Moscow tourism police are divided into three groups for patrol at the Red Square, Kolieski Pedestrian Street and Gum Department Store. The Chinese tourism police followed them for study. The whole process lasted for more than an hour.
莫斯科旅游警察分为三组,在红场、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街、观光街
Moscow city police are divided into three groups for patrol at the Red Square, Nicolieski Pedestrian Street and Gum Department Store. The Chinese tourism police followed them for study. The whole process lasted for more than an hour.
莫斯科市警察分为三组,在红场、尼哥列斯基行人街和古木百货商店巡逻。中国旅游警察跟随他们学习,整个过程持续了一个多小时。
Liu Xinie, an female police officer who is over 20 years old, is proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮是一位20多岁的女警官,她精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Liu Xinie, a female police officer who is over 20 years old, is proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮是一位20多岁的女警官,她精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Liu Xinie, an female police officer who is over 25 years old, is proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮是一位25岁以上的女警官,她精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Liu Xinie, an female police officer who is over 20 years old, is proficient in English and French. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮是一位20多岁的女警官,她精通英、法文,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Liu Xinie, an female police officer who is over 20 years old, is proficient in English and Japanese. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮是一位20多岁的女警官,她精通英语和日语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
Liu Xinie, an female police officer who is over 30 years old, is proficient in English and Spanish. She just joined the tourism police team last year.
刘希妮是一位30多岁的女警官,她精通英语和西班牙语,去年刚加入旅游警察队伍。
He carefully observed every word and action of his Russian counterpart and communicated with her from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,不时与她交流。
He closely observed every word and action of his Russian counterpart and communicated with her from time to time.
他密切注视着俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,不时与她交流。
He had observed every word and action of his Russian counterpart and communicated with her from time to time.
他观察了他的俄罗斯对应方的每一个言行,不时与她联系。
He carefully observed every word and movement of his Russian counterpart and communicated with her from time to time.
他仔细观察了俄罗斯同行的每一个言行,不时与她交流。
He personally observed every word and action of his Russian counterpart and communicated with her from time to time.
他 亲自 观察 了 他 的 俄罗斯 对手 的 每一个 话语 和 行动, 并 不时 与 她 联系 。
He also observed every word and action of his Russian counterpart and communicated with her from time to time.
他 也 观察 了 他 的 俄罗斯 对手 的 每一个 话语 和 行动, 并 不时 与 她 联系 。
The Moscow tourism police explained to the visitors with fluent Spanish whenever a Spanish tourist came for consultation. This greatly impressed Wang Bing.
莫斯科旅游警察向游客解释,每当有一位西班牙游客前来谘询时,都会流利地讲西班牙语,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
The Moscow tourism police explained to the visitors in fluent Spanish whenever a Spanish tourist came for consultation. This greatly impressed Wang Bing.
莫斯科旅游警察用流利的西班牙语向游客解释,每当一位西班牙游客前来谘询时,他都会给王兵留下深刻的印象。
The Chinese tourism police explained to the visitors with fluent Spanish whenever a Spanish tourist came for consultation. This greatly impressed Wang Bing.
每当有一位西班牙游客前来谘询时,中国旅游警察用流利的西班牙语向游客们解释,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
The Spanish tourism police explained to the visitors with fluent Spanish whenever a Spanish tourist came for consultation. This greatly impressed Wang Bing.
西班牙旅游警察向游客解释,每当有一位西班牙游客前来谘询时,都会流利地讲西班牙语,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
The Moscow tourism police explained to the visitors with fluent Spanish whenever a Spanish tourist arrived for consultation. This greatly impressed Wang Bing.
莫斯科旅游警察向游客解释,每当一位西班牙游客前来咨询时,都会流利地讲西班牙语,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
The local tourism police explained to the visitors with fluent Spanish whenever a Spanish tourist came for consultation. This greatly impressed Wang Bing.
当地旅游警察向游客解释,每当有一位西班牙游客前来谘询时,都会流利地讲西班牙语,这给王兵留下了深刻的印象。
" Every Moscow tourism policeman masters a foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅游警察都掌握一门外语,有些人甚至能说两门以上的外语,这给我们留下了很深的印象。”
" Each Moscow tourism policeman masters a foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
每个莫斯科的旅游警察都掌握一门外语,有些人甚至能说两门以上的外语,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。
" Every Moscow tourism policeman masters a foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a bit. "
“每个莫斯科的旅游警察都掌握一门外语,有些人甚至能说两门以上的外语,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
" Every Moscow tourism policeman knows a foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅游警察都知道外语,有些人甚至会说两种以上的语言,这给我们留下了深刻的印象。”
" Every Moscow tourism policeman masters a foreign language, and some even can speak more than two languages, which impressed us a little. "
“每个莫斯科的旅游警察都掌握一门外语,有些人甚至能说两门以上的外语,这给我们留下了一点印象。”
" Every Moscow tourism policeman masters a foreign language, and some even can speak more than three languages, which impressed us a lot. "
“每个莫斯科的旅游警察都掌握一门外语,有些人甚至会说三门以上的外语,这给我们留下了很深的印象。”
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attracting international tourists. We hope to improve their ability to match the status of the international tourism island. "
作为国际旅游岛国,海南正逐渐重视吸引国际旅游者,希望能提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。
" Tainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attracting international tourists. We hope to improve their ability to match the status of the international tourism island. "
作为国际旅游岛国,台南正逐渐重视吸引国际旅游者,希望能提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attracting international tourists. I hope to improve their ability to match the status of the international tourism island. "
作为国际旅游岛国,海南正逐渐重视吸引国际旅游者,希望能提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attracting international tourists. They hope to improve their ability to match the status of the international tourism island. "
“海南作为一个国际旅游岛国,正逐渐注重吸引国际游客,希望能够提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。”
" Hainan, as an international tourism island, is gradually paying attention to attracting international tourists. We hope to improve their ability to match the status of the international tourism island. "
作为国际旅游岛国,海南正逐渐重视吸引国际游客,希望能提高其与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。
" Hainan, as an international tourist island, is gradually paying attention to attracting international tourists. We hope to strengthen their ability to match the status of the international tourism island. "
“海南作为一个国际旅游岛国,正逐渐重视吸引国际游客,我们希望加强它们与国际旅游岛国地位相匹配的能力。”
Before the study, the Chinese tourism police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts that day.
在研究之前,中国旅游警察当天还前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联系。
Before their study, the Chinese tourism police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts that day.
在他们研究之前,中国旅游警察也去莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联系。
Before this study, the Chinese tourism police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts that day.
在这项研究之前,中国旅游警察当天还前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联系。
During the study, the Chinese tourism police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts that day.
研究期间,中国旅游警察也前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
Before the study, the Chinese tourism police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterpart that day.
在研究之前,中国旅游警察当天还到莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联系。
After the study, the Chinese tourism police also went to the brigade station of Moscow city police to communicate with their Russian counterparts that day.
研究完成后,中国旅游警察当天还前往莫斯科市警察派出所与俄罗斯警察联络。
" I often answer questions of Chinese tourists and I am very happy to see them travel to Russia. "
我经常回答中国游客的问题,我很高兴看到他们去俄罗斯旅游。
" I often answer questions of foreign tourists and I am very happy to see them travel to Russia. "
我经常回答外国游客的问题,我很高兴看到他们去俄罗斯旅游。
" I often answer questions of American tourists and I am very happy to see them travel to Russia. "
我经常回答美国游客的问题,我很高兴看到他们去俄罗斯旅游。
" I often answer questions of Chinese tourists and I am very glad to see them travel to Russia. "
我经常回答中国游客的问题,我很高兴看到他们去俄罗斯旅游。
" I often answer questions of Chinese tourists and I am very pleased to see them travel to Russia. "
我经常回答中国游客的问题,我很高兴看到他们来到俄罗斯。
" I often answer questions of Russian tourists and I am very happy to see them travel to Russia. "
我经常回答俄罗斯游客的问题,我很高兴看到他们去俄罗斯旅游。
" Their usual questions are : How to get to somewhere ? Where a certain monument is ? How to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常会问:如何到某处去?某座纪念碑在哪里?如何租出租汽车和如何返回酒店。
" The usual questions are : How to get to somewhere ? Where a certain monument is ? How to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
“ 通常的问题是: 如何到某处去? 某座纪念碑在哪里? 如何出租出租汽车和如何返回酒店. ”
" Their usual questions are : How to get to somewhere ? Where a certain monument is ? How to rent a taxi or how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常会问:如何到某处去?某座纪念碑在哪里?如何租出租汽车或如何返回酒店。
" Their usual questions are : How to get to somewhere ? Where a certain monument is ? Where to rent a taxi and how to return to the hotel. "
他们通常问:如何到某处去?某座纪念碑在哪里?在哪里租出租汽车和如何返回酒店。
" Their usual questions are : How to get to somewhere ? Where a certain monument is ? How to rent a taxi and where to return to the hotel. "
“ 他们通常问: 怎样去某个地方? 某个纪念碑在哪里? 如何出租出租汽车和返回酒店. ”
" Their usual questions are : How to get to somewhere ? Where a certain monument is ? How to rent a taxi and how to return to your hotel. "
他们通常会问:怎样去某个地方?哪里有一座纪念碑?如何出租出租汽车,如何返回酒店。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of the Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警察队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of the Moscow city police stated that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警察队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境已变得越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of the Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, drawing more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警察队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of the Moscow city police says that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科警方队长雷·萨科夫(Lei Sakov)表示,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of the Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have gotten better and better, attracting more and more foreign tourists.
莫斯科市警察队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境有所改善,吸引了越来越多的外国游客。
Lei Sakov, the brigade captain of the Moscow city police said that in recent years, Moscow's urban environment and tourism ambience have become better and better, attracting more and more international tourists.
莫斯科市警察队长雷·萨科夫说,近年来,莫斯科的城市环境和旅游环境越来越好,吸引了越来越多的国际游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, a tourism police team was established in July 2014 to be responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and guiding the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年7月设立了一个旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和指导游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, a tourism police team was established in August 2014 to be responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and guiding the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年8月设立了一个旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和指导游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, a tourism police team was established in June 2014 to be responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and guiding the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年6月设立了一个旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和指导游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, a tourism police team was established in April 2014 to be responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and guiding the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年4月设立了一个旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和指导游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, a tourism police team was established in March 2014 to be responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and guiding the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年3月设立了一个旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和指导游客。
In order to meet the needs of tourism development, a tourism police team was established in May 2014 to be responsible for patrol in the major scenic spots, thus helping and guiding the tourists.
为了满足旅游业发展的需要,2014年5月设立了旅游警察工作队,负责在主要景点巡逻,从而帮助和指导游客。
At present, all Moscow tourism policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语.
At present, all Moscow tourism policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish or German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语或德语.
At present, all Moscow tourism policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and French.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和法语.
At present, all Moscow tourism policemen are proficient in English and some also master French and German.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通法语和德语.
At present, all Moscow tourism policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and Italian.
目前, 莫斯科所有的旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和意大利语.
At present, most Moscow tourism policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German.
目前, 大多数莫斯科旅游警察都精通英语,有些还精通西班牙语和德语.
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learning self-defense moves, laws, regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周有2个课程,学习自卫行动、法律、法规和外语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have three classes per week, learning self-defense moves, laws, regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周开设3个课程,学习自卫行动、法律、法规和外语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have four classes per week, learning self-defense moves, laws, regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周开设4个课程,学习自卫行动、法律、法规和外语。
The police brigade divided them in nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learning self-defense moves, laws, regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分成9组,每周开设2个课程,学习自卫行动、法律、法规和外语。
The police brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have five classes per week, learning self-defense moves, laws, regulations and foreign languages.
警察大队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周有5个班,学习自卫行动、法律、法规和外语。
The special brigade divided them into nine groups according to their foreign language levels. They have two classes per week, learning self-defense moves, laws, regulations and foreign languages.
特警队根据他们的外语水平分为9组,每周开设2个课程,学习自卫行动、法律、法规和外语。
" At present, there are two tourism policemen beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能说得流利,我们必须继续提高他们的汉语水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourism policemen beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level, " Rysakov said.
目前,有两位旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能说得流利,我们必须继续提高他们的中国水平,”雷萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourism policemen beginning to understand Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察开始懂得中文,他们能说得流利,我们必须继续提高他们的中国水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are three tourism policemen beginning to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有三名旅游警察开始学汉语,他们能说得流利,我们必须继续提高他们的汉语水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourism policemen able to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察能够学汉语并能说流利的话,我们必须继续提高他们的汉语水平,”莱萨科夫说。
" At present, there are two tourism policemen willing to learn Chinese and they can speak fluently. We have to continue to improve their Chinese level, " Lysakov said.
“目前,有两位旅游警察愿意学汉语,他们能说得流利,我们必须继续提高他们的汉语水平,”莱萨科夫说。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police has accumulated experience since its inception. He hoped this will inspire his counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了经验,他希望这能启发三亚的同行。
Vysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police has accumulated experience since its inception. He hoped this will inspire his counterparts in Sanya.
维萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了经验,他希望这能启发三亚的同行。
Rysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police has accumulated experience since its inception. He hoped this will inspire his counterparts in Sanya.
雷萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了经验,他希望这能启发三亚的同行。
Lychakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police has accumulated experience since its inception. He hoped this will inspire his counterparts in Sanya.
莱查科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了经验,他希望这能启发三亚的同行。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police had accumulated experience since its inception. He hoped this will inspire his counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了经验,他希望这能启发三亚的同行。
Lysakov told reporters that the Moscow Tourism Police has accumulated experience since its inception. He hoped it will inspire his counterparts in Sanya.
利萨科夫对记者说,莫斯科旅游警察自成立以来积累了经验,他希望这能启发三亚的同行。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄两国警方的合作将增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments would enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄警方的合作将增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments could enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄警方的合作可以增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments can enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄警方的合作能够增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments will strengthen the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄两国警方的合作将增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
He believes that the cooperation between the Russian and Chinese police departments should enhance the security sense of their citizens to each other's national tourism.
他认为,中俄警方的合作应增强两国公民对本国旅游业的安全感。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tourism police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have inspired us a lot. " Chen Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察模式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色互动,都激励着我们。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tourism police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors has inspired us a lot. " Chen Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察模式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色互动,都激励着我们。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tourism police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have inspired us a lot. " Chen Xiaokun stated.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察方式和装备,以及他们与游客的优异互动,给我们带来了很大的启发。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tourism police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have inspired us a lot. " Zhang Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察模式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色互动,都激励着我们。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tourism police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have inspired us a lot. " Wang Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察模式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色互动,都激励着我们。
" The recruiting, police mode and equipment of Moscow tourism police officers and their excellent interactions with visitors have inspired us a lot. " Li Xiaokun said.
莫斯科旅游警官的招募、警察模式和装备,以及他们与游客的出色互动,都激励着我们。
Detailed rules for the implementation of residence permit have been issued by at least nine provinces and cities, i. e. Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, according to journalists of chinanews. com.
据中国新闻网记者介绍,至少有9个省市(河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等)已经发布了执行居留证的详细规定。
Detailed rules for the implementation of residence permit have been issued by at least nine provinces and cities, i. e. Hubei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, according to journalists of chinanews. com.
据中国新闻网记者介绍,至少有9个省市,如湖北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等地,已经发布了执行居留证的详细规定。
Detailed rules for the implementation of residence permit have been issued by at least nine provinces and cities, i. e. Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Shanxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, according to journalists of chinanews. com.
据中国新闻网记者介绍,至少有9个省市(河北、吉林、天津、山西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等)颁发了居留证实施细则。
Detailed rules for the implementation of residence permit have been issued by at least eight provinces and cities, i. e. Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, according to journalists of chinanews. com.
据中国新闻网记者介绍,至少有河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等8个省市颁发了居留证实施细则。
Detailed rules for the implementation of residence permit have been issued by at least seven provinces and cities, i. e. Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Sichuan, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, according to journalists of chinanews. com.
据中国新闻网记者介绍,至少有河北、吉林、天津、江西、四川、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等7个省市颁发了居留证实施细则。
Detailed rules for the implementation of residence permit have been issued by at least nine provinces and cities, i. e. Hebei, Jilin, Tianjin, Jiangxi, Guangdong, Hainan, Gansu, Fujian and Beijing, according to journalists of chinanews. com.
据中国新闻网记者介绍,至少有9个省市(河北、吉林、天津、江西、广东、海南、甘肃、福建、北京等)颁发了居留证实施细则。
The above regions generally stipulated that applicants for the residence permit shall live locally for more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and having conditions for continuous study.
上述地区一般规定,居留证申请人应在当地居住六个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,有不断学习的条件。
The above regions generally stipulated that applicants for the residence permit shall live locally for more than three months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and having conditions for continuous study.
上述地区一般规定,居留证申请人须在当地居住三个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,有不断学习的条件。
The above regions generally stipulated that applicants for the residence permit shall live locally for more than six months and satisfy one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and having conditions for continuous study.
上述地区一般规定,居留证申请人应在当地居住六个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,有不断学习的条件。
The above regions generally stipulated that applicants for the residence permit shall live locally for more than twelve months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and having conditions for continuous study.
上述地区一般规定,居留证申请人应在当地居住12个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,有不断学习的条件。
The above regions generally stipulated that applicants for the residence permit shall reside locally for more than six months and meet one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and having conditions for continuous study.
上述地区一般规定,居留证申请人须在当地居住六个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,有不断学习的条件。
The above regions generally stipulated that applicants for the residence permit shall live locally for more than six months and fulfill one of these three requirements : having legitimate and stable employment, having legal and stable residence and having conditions for continuous study.
上述地区一般规定,居留证申请人须在当地居住六个月以上,并符合以下三项要求之一:合法和稳定就业,合法和稳定居住,有不断学习的条件。
In the aspect of conveniences brought by residence permit, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences, according to Chinanews. com journalists.
在居留证带来的便利方面,不同城市的“黄金含量”不同,据中国新闻网记者称,与国内规定相比,一些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
For the aspect of conveniences brought by residence permit, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences, according to Chinanews. com journalists.
据中国新闻通讯社报道,在居留许可带来的便利方面,“黄金含量”在各城市有所不同,与国内规定相比,一些地区提供了更多的公共服务和便利。
On the aspect of conveniences brought by residence permit, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences, according to Chinanews. com journalists.
在居留证带来的便利方面,各城市的“黄金含量”不同,据中国新闻通讯社报道,与国内规定相比,一些地区的公共服务和方便性都有所增加。
Regarding the aspect of conveniences brought by residence permit, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences, according to Chinanews. com journalists.
在居留证带来的便利方面,不同城市的“黄金含量”不同,据中国新闻通讯社报道,与国内规定相比,一些地区的公共服务和方便性都有所增加。
Besides the aspect of conveniences brought by residence permit, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Compared with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences, according to Chinanews. com journalists.
除了居留证带来的便利之外,“黄金含量”在各城市也有所不同,据中国新闻通讯社报道,与国内规定相比,一些地区的公共服务和方便性都有所增加。
In the aspect of conveniences brought by residence permit, the " gold content " is different in various cities. Along with the national provisions, some areas have provided more public services and conveniences, according to Chinanews. com journalists.
据中国新闻通讯社报道,在居留证带来的便利方面,城市中的“黄金含量”与城市的不同,除国家规定外,一些地区还提供更多的公共服务和便利设施。
These areas have increased the conveniences for children to attend the college entrance examination locally after meeting the related requirements.
这些地区在满足相关要求后,增加了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性。
These areas have increased the conveniences for children to attend the college entrance examinations locally after meeting the related requirements.
这些地区在满足相关要求后,增加了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性。
These areas have increased the conveniences for children to attend the college entrance exam locally after meeting the related requirements.
这些地区在满足相关要求后,增加了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性。
These developments have increased the conveniences for children to attend the college entrance examination locally after meeting the related requirements.
这些发展增加了儿童在符合相关要求后在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性。
These areas have increased the conveniences for children to take the college entrance examination locally after meeting the related requirements.
这些地区在满足相关要求后,增加了儿童在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性。
These measures have increased the conveniences for children to attend the college entrance examination locally after meeting the related requirements.
这些措施提高了儿童在满足相关要求后在当地参加大学入学考试的便利性。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and conveniences, and regularly release the new scope to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务和便利的范围,并定期向社会提供新的服务。
In fact, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and conveniences, and regularly release the new scope to the community.
事实上,北京等地已明确提出逐步扩大公共服务和便利的范围,并定期向社会提供新的服务。
In particular, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually expand the scope of public services and conveniences, and regularly release the new scope to the community.
特别是, 北京 和 其他 地方 明确 提议, 它们 应 逐步 扩大 公共 服务 和 便利 的 范围, 并 定期 向 社会 提供 新 的 范围 。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually widen the scope of public services and conveniences, and regularly release the new scope to the community.
此外, 北京 和 其他 地方 也 明确 提议, 它们 应 逐步 扩大 公共 服务 和 便利 的 范围, 并 经常 向 社会 提供 新 的 范围 。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually increase the scope of public services and conveniences, and regularly release the new scope to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务和便利的范围,并定期向社会提供新的服务。
In addition, it is clearly proposed by Beijing and other places that they will gradually extend the scope of public services and conveniences, and regularly release the new scope to the community.
此外,北京等地也明确提出逐步扩大公共服务和便利的范围,并定期向社会提供新的服务。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and conveniences for residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years.
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利措施。
For instance, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and conveniences for residence permit holders to the public at least every 3 years.
例如,福建建议,至少每三年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利措施。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and conveniences for residence permit holders to the public at least every 5 years.
例如,福建建议,至少每五年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利措施。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and conveniences for residence permit holders to the public at least every five years.
例如,福建建议,至少每五年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利措施。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and conveniences for residence permit holders to the public at least every four years.
例如,福建建议,至少每四年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利措施。
For example, Fujian proposed to announce the public services and conveniences for residence permit holders to the public at least every three years.
例如,福建建议至少每三年向公众宣布居留证持有人的公共服务和便利措施。
The Residence Permit Provisional Regulations provide that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of application acceptance.
《居住证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自受理申请之日起15日内颁发居住证。
The Resident Permit Provisional Regulations provide that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of application acceptance.
《居住证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自受理申请之日起15日内颁发居住证。
The Residence Permit Provisional Regulations provide that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 30 days from the date of application acceptance.
《居住证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自受理申请之日起30日内颁发居住证。
The Residence Permit Provisional Regulations provide that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 60 days from the date of application acceptance.
《居住证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自受理申请之日起60日内颁发居住证。
The Residence Permit Provisional Regulations provide that, for those in line with the residency permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within 15 days from the date of application acceptance.
《居住证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自受理申请之日起15日内颁发居住证。
The Residence Permit Provisional Regulations provide that, for those in line with the residence permit conditions, the public security organs shall issue a residence permit within thirty days from the date of application acceptance.
《居住证暂行条例》规定,对于符合居住证条件的人,公安机关应当自受理申请之日起三十日内颁发居住证。
For the time limit of the permit issuance, most of the regions hold the same opinion with the national version, i. e, within 15 days.
在发放许可证的时间限制方面,大多数地区与国家版本的意见相同,即在15天内。
For the time limit of the permit issuance, most of the regions hold the same opinion with the national version, i. e, within 30 days.
在发放许可证的时间限制方面,大多数地区与国家版本的意见相同,即在30天内。
For the time limit of the permit issuance, most of the regions hold the same opinion with the national version, i. e, within 60 days.
在发放许可证的时间限制方面,大多数地区与国家版本的意见相同,即在60天内。
Beyond the time limit of the permit issuance, most of the regions hold the same opinion with the national version, i. e, within 15 days.
在许可证发放期限过后,大多数地区与国家版本的意见相同,即在15天内。
Within the time limit of the permit issuance, most of the regions hold the same opinion with the national version, i. e, within 15 days.
在发放许可证的时限内,大多数地区与国家版本的意见相同,即在15天内。
After the time limit of the permit issuance, most of the regions hold the same opinion with the national version, i. e, within 15 days.
在许可证发放期限过后,大多数地区与国家版本的意见相同,即在15天内。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,对符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Hubei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
湖北省明确规定,对符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit after 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,自受理之日起3个工作日后,户籍警察局应当颁发居留证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 10 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起10个工作日内颁发居留证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that to applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 3 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起3个工作日内颁发居留证。
Hebei clearly stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the residence police station shall issue a residence permit within 15 working days from the date of acceptance.
河北省明确规定,对于符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,户籍警察局应当自受理之日起15个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangxi stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security department shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西规定,符合申请条件并有完整申请文件的,公安部门应当自受理之日起五个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangsu stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security department shall issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江苏规定,符合申请条件并有完整申请文件的,公安部门应当自受理之日起五个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangxi stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security department should issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,公安部门应当自受理之日起五个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangxi stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security department shall issue a residence permit after 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西规定,符合申请条件并有完整申请文件的,公安部门应当自受理之日起5个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangxi stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security department shall issue a residence permit within 30 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西规定,符合申请条件并有完整申请文件的,公安部门应当自受理之日起30个工作日内颁发居留证。
Jiangxi stipulates that for applicants who meet the conditions of application and have complete application documents, the public security department will issue a residence permit within 5 working days from the date of acceptance.
江西规定,符合申请条件并持有完整申请文件的申请人,由公安部门自受理之日起五个工作日内颁发居留证。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of the residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在首次申请居留证的情况下,应免缴证件生产费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production should be exempted in case of initial application of the residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在首次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production will be exempted in case of initial application of the residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在首次申请居留证的情况下,可免缴证书制作费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production must be exempted in case of initial application of the residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在初次申请居留证时,必须免除证件制作费用。
In accordance with the " residence permits provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulate clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of the residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行条例》,上述城市明确规定,在首次申请居留证的情况下,应免缴证书生产费用。
In accordance with the " residence permit provisional regulations ", the above cities stipulated clearly that the cost of certificate production shall be exempted in case of initial application of the residence permit.
根据《居留证暂行规定》,上述城市明确规定,初次申请居留证时,应免缴证件生产费用。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fee and charge standard and resolutely prohibit over-range or over-standard fees or charge bundling.
例如,四川要求地方警察局或委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止过高收费或过高收费或捆绑收费。
For instance, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fee and charge standard and resolutely prohibit over-range or over-standard fees or charge bundling.
例如,四川要求地方警察局或委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止过高收费或过高收费或捆绑收费。
for example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fee and charge standard and resolutely prohibit over-range or over-standard fees or charge bundling.
例如,四川要求地方警察局或社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止超额收费或超额收费或捆绑收费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fee and charge standard and resolutely prohibit short-range or over-standard fees or charge bundling.
例如,四川要求地方警察局或委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止短期收费或超标准收费或捆绑收费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fee and charge standard and resolutely prohibit over-range or under-standard fees or charge bundling.
例如,四川要求地方警察局或委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止过高收费或低于标准收费或捆绑收费。
For example, Sichuan required the local police stations or commissioned community service agencies to strictly enforce the approved fee and charge standard and resolutely prohibit long-range or over-standard fees or charge bundling.
例如,四川要求地方警察局或委托社区服务机构严格执行核定收费标准,坚决禁止长期收费或超标准收费或捆绑收费。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, that Chen Yangxia, the former Party secretary of Dingnan County, Ganzhou City, came to the Provincial Commission of Discipline Inspection to take office and served as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general level with a one-year probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,甘州市丁南县前党委书记陈阳霞来到省纪律检查委员会任职,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副总干事级,试用期一年)。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, that Chen Yangxia, the former Party secretary of Mengnan County, Ganzhou City, came to the Provincial Commission of Discipline Inspection to take office and served as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general level with a one-year probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,甘州市孟南县前党委书记陈阳霞来到省纪律检查委员会任职,担任中国共产党监理室主任(副主任级,试用期一年)。
It was found that on June 27, 2016, that Chen Yangxia, the former Party secretary of Dingnan County, Ganzhou City, came to the Provincial Commission of Discipline Inspection to take office and served as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general level with a one-year probation period ).
据悉,2016年6月27日,甘州市丁南县前党委书记陈阳霞来到省纪律检查委员会任职,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副总干事级,试用期一年)。
It was found that on August 27, 2016, that Chen Yangxia, the former Party secretary of Dingnan County, Ganzhou City, came to the Provincial Commission of Discipline Inspection to take office and served as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general level with a one-year probation period ).
据悉,2016年8月27日,甘州市丁南县前党委书记陈阳霞来到省纪律检查委员会任职,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副总干事级,试用期一年)。
It was found that on July 27, 2016, that Chen Yangxia, the former Party secretary of Cangnan County, Ganzhou City, came to the Provincial Commission of Discipline Inspection to take office and served as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general level with a one-year probation period ).
据悉,2016年7月27日,甘州市仓南县前党委书记陈阳霞来到省纪律检查委员会任职,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副总干事级,试用期一年)。
It was found that on April 27, 2016, that Chen Yangxia, the former Party secretary of Dingnan County, Ganzhou City, came to the Provincial Commission of Discipline Inspection to take office and served as director of the CPC supervision room ( deputy director-general level with a one-year probation period ).
据悉,2016年4月27日,甘州市丁南县前党委书记陈阳霞来到省纪律检查委员会任职,担任中国共产党监事室主任(副总干事级,试用期一年)。
The red wine at the dinner of that day was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by another person surnamed Liu.
那天晚宴上的红酒由李友才供应,而其他费用则由另一个姓刘的人承担。
The rice wine at the dinner of that day was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by another person surnamed Liu.
那天晚宴上的米酒由李友才供应,而其他费用则由另一个姓刘的人承担。
The fine wine at the dinner of that day was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by another person surnamed Liu.
那天晚宴上的精品酒由李优才提供,而其他费用则由另一个姓刘的人承担。
The red wine at the dinner of that day was provided by Li Youcai and other costs were borne by another person surnamed Liu.
那天晚宴上的红酒由李友才供应,其他费用则由另一个姓刘的人承担。
The red wine at the dinner of that day was supplied by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by another person surnamed Liu.
那天晚宴上的红酒是由李友才供应的,而其他费用则由另一个姓刘的人承担。
The finest wine at the dinner of that day was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by another person surnamed Liu.
那天晚宴上最好的酒由李优才供应,而其他费用则由另一个姓刘的人承担。
The Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitations in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central Party committee's eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会宣布,组织并接受私人俱乐部就餐邀请的陈扬霞和成志良违反党中央委员会八条规定和党纪的精神。
The Shanxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that Chen Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitations in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central Party committee's eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
山西省纪律检查委员会宣布,组织并接受私人俱乐部就餐邀请的陈阳霞和成志良违反党中央委员会八条规定和党纪的精神。
The Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that Wang Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitations in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central Party committee's eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会宣布,王阳霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了中央党委八条规定和党的纪律。
The Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that Zhang Yangxia and Cheng Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitations in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central Party committee's eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会宣布,张扬霞和成志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了中央党委的八项规定和党的纪律。
The Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that Chen Yangxia and Zhang Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitations in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central Party committee's eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会宣布,陈扬霞和张志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了中央党委的八项规定和党的纪律。
The Jiangxi Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection announced that Chen Yangxia and Wang Ziliang, who organized and accepted dining invitations in private clubs, violated the spirit of the central Party committee's eight provisions and the Party's discipline.
江西省纪律检查委员会宣布,陈扬霞和王志良在私人俱乐部组织并接受了用餐邀请,违反了中央党委八条规定和党的纪律。
Pogba was punished with two yellow cards in last season's Coppa Italia, which automatically results in a one-game ban according to the rules.
在上赛季的意大利杯比赛中,波格巴被罚上两张黄牌,这自动导致一局禁赛。
Pogba was punished with three yellow cards in last season's Coppa Italia, which automatically results in a one-game ban according to the rules.
在上赛季的意大利杯比赛中,波格巴被罚上三张黄牌,这自动导致一局禁赛。
Pogba was punished with two yellow cards during last season's Coppa Italia, which automatically results in a one-game ban according to the rules.
在上赛季的意大利杯比赛中,波格巴被罚上两张黄牌,根据规则,这自动导致一场禁赛。
Pogba was punished with four yellow cards in last season's Coppa Italia, which automatically results in a one-game ban according to the rules.
在上赛季的意大利杯比赛中,波格巴被罚上4张黄牌,根据规则,这自动导致一场禁赛。
Pogba was punished with five yellow cards in last season's Coppa Italia, which automatically results in a one-game ban according to the rules.
波格巴在上赛季的意大利杯中被罚五张黄牌,这自动导致一局禁赛。
Pogba was punished with two yellow cards in last season's Coppa Italia, which automatically results in a one-game ban due to the rules.
在上赛季的意大利杯比赛中,波格巴被罚上两张黄牌,由于规则的缘故,这自动导致一场禁赛。
Although he has transferred back to the FA Premier League, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to the FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英足联,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足足联杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足联杯。
Though he has transferred back to the FA Premier League, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to the FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英足联,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足足联杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足联杯。
While he has transferred back to the FA Premier League, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to the FA Cup.
虽然他已经转回英足联,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足足联杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足联杯。
As he has transferred back to the FA Premier League, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to the FA Cup.
在他转回英足联后,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足足联杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足联杯。
Although he has transferred back to the FA Premier League, The Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension to the FA Cup.
虽然他已经转回英足联, 足球协会挑战杯 ( 足足联杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停足联杯.
Although he has transferred back to the FA Premier League, the Football Association Challenge Cup ( FA Cup ) still passes his accumulative suspension into the FA Cup.
尽管他已经转回英足联,足球协会挑战杯 ( 足足联杯 ) 仍然通过他累积的暂停进入足联杯。
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be postponed to the Southampton home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联后的第一个比赛将于8月20日推迟到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In that way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be postponed to the Southampton home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联后的第一个比赛将于8月20日推迟到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this way, on August 13, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be postponed to the Southampton home game on August 20.
这样,在8月13日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将无助地观看一场比赛,他回到曼联后的第一个表演将于8月20日推迟到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba would watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be postponed to the Southampton home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴在不帮助任何一方的情况下观看一场比赛,他回到曼联之后的第一次比赛将推迟到8月20日的南安普敦主场比赛。
In this way, on August 14, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba could watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be postponed to the Southampton home game on August 20.
这样,在8月14日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴可以观看一场没有帮助的比赛,他回到曼联之后的首场比赛将在8月20日推迟到南安普敦的主场比赛。
In this way, on August 15, in the away games of fighting against Bournemouth, Pogba will watch a fight without helping any party. His first show after return to Manchester United will be postponed to the Southampton home game on August 20.
这样,在8月15日对阵伯恩茅斯的比赛中,波格巴将无助地观看一场比赛,他回到曼联后的第一个表演将于8月20日推迟到南安普敦的主场比赛。
As the No. 12 rookie of the first round in 2014, Saric will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
作为2014年第一轮的12名新秀,萨里克将在下赛季正式入选NBA,并加入费城76人队。
Being the No. 12 rookie of the first round in 2014, Saric will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
作为2014年首轮比赛的第12名新秀,萨里克将在下赛季正式入选NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As the No. 12 rookie of the first round in 2015, Saric will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
作为2015年第一轮的12名新秀,萨里克将在下赛季正式入选NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As the No. 12 rookie of the first round in 2013, Saric will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
作为2013年第一轮的12名新秀,萨里克将在下赛季正式入选NBA,并加入费城76人队。
Named the No. 12 rookie of the first round in 2014, Saric will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
2014年首轮的12名新秀被提名,萨里克将在下赛季正式入选NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As the No. 12 rookie of the second round in 2014, Saric will officially land on the NBA in the next season, and join the Philadelphia 76ers.
作为2014年第二轮比赛的第12名新秀,萨里克将在下赛季正式入选NBA,并加入费城76人队。
As a young European player, Saric is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨里克并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信萨里克在本届奥运会上的表现给人们留下了深刻的印象。
Being a young European player, Saric is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨里克并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信萨里克在本届奥运会上的表现给人们留下了深刻的印象。
As a young European player, Saric was not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨里克并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信萨里克在本届奥运会上的表现给人们留下了深刻的印象。
As a young European player, Saric is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performance at this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨里克并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信萨里克在本届奥运会上的表现给人们留下了深刻的印象。
As a young European player, Saric is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people with his performances in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨里克并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信萨里克在本届奥运会上的表现给人们留下了深刻的印象。
As a young European player, Saric is not known to many fans. But I believe he impressed people by his performance in this Olympic Games.
作为一名年轻的欧洲球员,萨里克并不为许多球迷所熟知,但是我相信他给人们留下了深刻的印象,因为他在本届奥运会上的表现。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatia over Spain, Saric successfully blocked Pau Gasol's try to drag the game into an overtime inside shot.
在一场比赛中,克罗地亚队在西班牙的比赛中胜出,萨里克成功地阻止了加索尔试图将比赛拖入内场的加时赛。
In the game with win by a narrow margin of Croatia over Spain, Saric successfully blocked Pau Gasol's try to drag the game into an overtime inside shot.
在克罗地亚队对西班牙队获胜的比赛中,萨里克成功地阻止了加索尔试图将比赛拖入内场的超时比赛。
In a game with win by a slim margin of Croatia over Spain, Saric successfully blocked Pau Gasol's try to drag the game into an overtime inside shot.
在一场比赛中,克罗地亚队在西班牙队的微弱优势下获胜,萨里克成功地阻止了加索尔试图将比赛拖入内场的加时赛。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatia over Spain, Saric successfully blocked Pau Gasol's try to drag the game to an overtime inside shot.
在一场比赛中,在克罗地亚队对西班牙队的比赛中,萨里克成功地阻挡了加索尔试图将比赛拖向内场的超时射击。
During a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatia over Spain, Saric successfully blocked Pau Gasol's try to drag the game into an overtime inside shot.
在一场比赛中,在克罗地亚队对西班牙队的比赛中,萨里克成功地阻挡了加索尔试图将比赛拖入内场的加时赛。
In a game with win by a narrow margin of Croatia over Spain, Juric successfully blocked Pau Gasol's try to drag the game into an overtime inside shot.
在一场由克罗地亚队在西班牙队获胜的比赛中,Juric成功地阻止了PauGasol试图将比赛拖入内场的超时射击。
Recently, Brett Brown, head coach of the 76ers, gave Saric a high rating. The Spurs head coach thought he saw the spirit of the young Manu Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76人队的主教练布雷特·布朗对萨里克的评价很高,马刺队的主教练认为他看到了在萨里克的年轻马努·吉诺比利的精神。
Recently, Mike Brown, head coach of the 76ers, gave Saric a high rating. The Spurs head coach thought he saw the spirit of the young Manu Ginobili in Saric.
近日,76人队主教练迈克·布朗对萨里克的评分很高,马刺主教练认为他看到了萨里克的年轻吉诺比利。
Recently, Larry Brown, head coach of the 76ers, gave Saric a high rating. The Spurs head coach thought he saw the spirit of the young Manu Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76人主教练拉里·布朗对萨里克的评价很高,马刺主教练认为他在萨里克看到了年轻的吉诺比利的精神。
Recently, Jim Brown, head coach of the 76ers, gave Saric a high rating. The Spurs head coach thought he saw the spirit of the young Manu Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76人主教练吉姆·布朗对萨里克的评价很高,马刺主教练认为他在萨里克看到了年轻的吉诺比利的精神。
Recently, Brett Brown, head coach of the 76ers, gave Saric a high rating. The Spurs assistant coach thought he saw the spirit of the young Manu Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76人队的主教练布雷特·布朗对萨里克的评价很高,马刺队的助理教练认为他看到了萨里克的年轻马努·吉诺比利。
Recently, Brett Brown, head coach of the 76ers, gave Saric a high rating. The Spurs head coach thought he saw the spirit of a young Manu Ginobili in Saric.
最近,76人队的主教练布雷特·布朗对萨里克的评价很高,马刺队的主教练认为他在萨里克看到一个年轻的吉诺比利球员。
It is quite clear that Saric already showed his gift and made the 76ers full of expectations on him.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让76人对他满怀期待。
It is very clear that Saric already showed his gift and made the 76ers full of expectations on him.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让76人对他满怀期待。
It was quite clear that Saric already showed his gift and made the 76ers full of expectations on him.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让76人对他满怀期待。
It is quite clear that Saric already showed his gift and made the 76ers full of expectations for him.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让76人对他满怀期待。
It is quite clear that Saric already showed his gift and made the 76ers out of expectations on him.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,使76人摆脱了对他的期望。
It is quite clear that Saric already showed his gift and made the 76ers full of expectations from him.
很明显,萨里克已经展示了他的天赋,让76人对他充满了期待。
In Croatia's first two games at this year's Olympic Games, Saric achieved a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚首两届奥运会上,萨里克队在本届奥运会上共取得了24分、17次反弹和12次助攻。
In Serbia's first two games at this year's Olympic Games, Saric achieved a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 12 assists.
在今年的奥运会上,塞尔维亚首两场比赛中,萨里克分数达到24分、17次反弹和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games at this year's Olympic Games, Saric achieved a total of 24 points, 14 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚首两场奥运会上,萨里克在今年的奥运会上共取得了24分、14次反弹和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games at this year's Olympic Games, Saric achieved a total of 24 points, 17 rebounds and 11 assists.
在今年的克罗地亚奥运会前两场比赛中,萨里克队共取得了24分、17次反弹和11次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games at this year's Olympic Games, Saric achieved a total of 24 points, 15 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚首两场奥运会上,萨里克今年的奥运会共取得了24分、15次反弹和12次助攻。
In Croatia's first two games at this year's Olympic Games, Saric achieved a total of 24 points, 13 rebounds and 12 assists.
在克罗地亚首两场奥运会上,萨里克今年的奥运会成绩达24分,13次反弹,12次助攻。
In the first half, Saric showed his capability of making space in the field. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his teammates.
在上半场,萨里克展示了自己在场地空间的能力,他可以通过选手和队友在三点线外击球。
During the first half, Saric showed his capability of making space in the field. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his teammates.
在上半场,萨里克展示了自己在场地空间的能力,他可以通过选手和队友在三点线外击球。
In the first half, Saric showed his capability of making space in the field. He can have a shot outside the three-point line with the pick and roll with his teammates.
在上半场,萨里克展示了自己在场地空间的能力,他可以在三点线外击球,然后和队友一起滚球。
In the first half, Saric showed his capability of making space in the field. He can have a shot outside the three-point line using the pick and roll with his teammates.
在上半场,萨里克展示了自己在场地空间的能力,他可以用选手和队友一起在三点线外击球。
In the first half, Saric demonstrated his capability of making space in the field. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his teammates.
在上半场,萨里克展示了自己在场地空间的能力,他可以通过选手和队友在三点线外击球。
In the first half, Saric showed his ability of making space in the field. He can have a shot outside the three-point line via the pick and roll with his teammates.
在上半场,萨里克展示了自己在场地空间的能力,他可以通过选手和队友在三点线外击球。
Although the current 76ers is packed with many gifted inside young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Saric.
虽然目前的76人中有许多年轻球员的天赋,但他们不具备Saric的外在得分能力。
Though the current 76ers is packed with many gifted inside young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Saric.
虽然目前的76人中有很多年轻球员,但他们没有萨里克的外在得分能力。
Although the current 76ers is packed with many gifted inside young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring ability as Saric.
虽然目前的76人中有许多年轻球员的天赋,但他们没有Saric的外在得分能力。
While the current 76ers is packed with many gifted inside young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Saric.
虽然目前的76人中有许多年轻球员的天赋,但他们没有Saric的外在得分能力。
Although the current 76ers is loaded with many gifted inside young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Saric.
虽然目前的76人中有很多年轻球员的天赋,但他们没有Saric的外在得分能力。
Although the current 76ers is packed with some gifted inside young players, they are not equipped with the outside scoring capability as Saric.
虽然目前的76人中充斥着一些年轻球员的天赋,但他们不具备Saric的外在得分能力。
From block shot to a long-pass fast break and achievement of assists, there are just a few insiders who can make it in the NBA field.
从挡板射击到一个长途快速突破和助攻的成绩,只有几个内线人可以进入NBA场。
From block shot to a three-pass fast break and achievement of assists, there are just a few insiders who can make it in the NBA field.
从挡板射击到三通快速断路和助攻的成绩,只有几个内线人可以进入NBA场。
From block shot to a two-pass fast break and achievement of assists, there are just a few insiders who can make it in the NBA field.
从挡板射击到二通快速断路和助攻的成绩,只有几个内线人可以进入NBA场。
From block shot to a long-pass fast break and achievement of assists, there are just a few insiders that can make it in the NBA field.
从挡板射击到一个长途快速断路和助攻的成绩,只有几个内线可以使它在NBA场。
From block shot to a free-pass fast break and achievement of assists, there are just a few insiders who can make it in the NBA field.
从挡板射击到自由通过快速断路和助攻的成绩,只有几个内线人可以进入NBA场。
From block shot to a long-pass fast break or achievement of assists, there are just a few insiders who can make it in the NBA field.
从挡板射击到一个长途快速突破或助攻的成绩,在NBA场中只有几个内线能成功。
Since the beginning of this year's Olympic Games, Saric has obtained 13 points, eight rebounds and five assists in each of the three games, with a perfect performance.
自今年奥运会开幕以来,萨里克在三场比赛中取得了13分、8次反弹和5次助攻,表现完美。
Since the beginning of this year's Olympic Games, Saric has obtained 13 points, eight rebounds and four assists in each of the three games, with a perfect performance.
自今年奥运会开幕以来,萨里克在三场比赛中取得了13分、8次反弹和4次助攻,表现完美。
Since the beginning of this year's Olympic Games, Saric has obtained 13 points, eight rebounds and six assists in each of the three games, with a perfect performance.
自今年奥运会开幕以来,萨里克在三场比赛中取得了13分、8次反弹和6次助攻,表现完美。
Since the beginning of this year's Olympic Games, Saric has obtained 13 points, seven rebounds and five assists in each of the three games, with a perfect performance.
自今年奥运会开幕以来,萨里克在三场比赛中取得了13分、7次反弹和5次助攻,表现完美。
Since the beginning of this year's Olympic Games, Saric has obtained 13 points, nine rebounds and five assists in each of the three games, with a perfect performance.
自今年奥运会开幕以来,萨里克在三场比赛中取得了13分、9次反弹和5次助攻,表现完美。
Since the beginning of this year's Olympic Games, Saric has obtained 13 points, eight rebounds and seven assists in each of the three games, with a perfect performance.
自今年奥运会开幕以来,萨里克在三场比赛中取得了13分、8次反弹和7次助攻,表现完美。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
詹姆斯在2014年夏天决定回到骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
James had signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
詹姆斯在2014年夏天决定回到骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers during the summer of 2014.
詹姆斯在2014年夏天决定返回骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he opted to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014.
詹姆斯在2014年夏天选择回到骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2015.
詹姆斯在2015年夏天决定回到骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2013.
詹姆斯在2013年夏天决定回到骑士团后,签署了两份1+1的合同。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of the NBA player union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be at the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of the NBA player union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as a vice chairman of the NBA player union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
And, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of the NBA player union.
而且,随着这项劳动协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将作为NBA球员联盟副主席站在劳动谈判的前列。
Now, as this labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of the NBA players union.
现在,随着这项劳工协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将成为NBA球员联盟副主席,在劳工谈判方面站在前列。
Now, as the labor agreement is about to enter the last year, James will be in the forefront of labor negotiations as the vice chairman of the NBA player union.
现在,随着劳动协议即将进入最后一年,詹姆斯将作为NBA球员联盟的副主席站在劳动谈判的前列。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will come to a standstill in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天陷入停顿。
The large increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will come to a standstill in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天陷入停顿。
A substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will come to a standstill in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天陷入停顿。
The huge increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will come to a standstill in the next summer.
工会收入的巨大增长归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天陷入停顿。
The massive increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA will come to a standstill in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA将在明年夏天陷入停顿。
The substantial increase in union revenue is attributed to the new television protocol. The question is how the boss and players deal with the money. The outside world is worried that the NBA may come to a standstill in the next summer.
工会收入的大幅增加归因于新的电视协议。问题是老板和球员如何处理这笔钱。外部世界担心NBA可能会在明年夏天陷入停顿。
But for James, he will not have to worry about the possibility of becoming a free player next summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心明年夏天成为一名自由球员的可能性,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3年的合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry about the possibility of becoming a free player next summer as he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对詹姆斯来说,他不必担心明年夏天成为一名自由球员的可能性,因为他已经与骑士团续签了三年的合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry about the possibility of becoming a free player that summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心这个夏天成为自由球员的可能性,因为他已经与骑士团续签了三年的合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry about the possibility of becoming a free player next summer since he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心明年夏天成为一名自由球员的可能性,因为他已经与骑士团续约了三年。
But for James, he will not have to worry about the possibility of becoming a free player this summer because he has renewed a 3-year contract with the Cavaliers.
但是对詹姆斯来说,他不必担心今年夏天成为一名自由球员的可能性,因为他已经与骑士团续签了三年的合同。
But for James, he will not have to worry about the possibility of becoming a free player next summer because he has renewed a 3-year deal with the Cavaliers.
但对于詹姆斯来说,他不必担心明年夏天成为一名自由球员的可能性,因为他已经与骑士团续签了3年的合同。
No matter when the 2017-18 season will officially kick off, James is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时正式开始,詹姆斯都在合同范围内。
No matter when the 2017-18 season would officially kick off, James is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时正式开始,詹姆斯都在合同范围内。
No matter when the 2017-18 season will officially kick off, James stays within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时正式开始,詹姆斯都遵守合同。
No matter when the 2017-18 season will officially kick off, James remains within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季何时正式开始,詹姆斯仍然在合同范围内。
No matter if the 2017-18 season will officially kick off, James is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季是否正式开始,詹姆斯都符合合同规定。
No matter where the 2017-18 season will officially kick off, James is within the contract.
无论2017-18赛季在哪里正式开始,詹姆斯都在合同范围内。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen mobile phone boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕手机的热潮。
After the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen mobile phone boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹之后,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕手机的热潮。
Following the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen mobile phone boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相之后,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕手机的热潮。
With the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen mobile phone boom.
随着iPhoneSE的首次亮相,手机市场也迎来了小型屏幕手机的热潮。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a large screen mobile phone boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了大型屏幕手机的热潮。
Since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE, the mobile phone market also ushered in a wide screen mobile phone boom.
iPhoneSE的首次亮相令人惊叹,手机市场也迎来了广屏手机的热潮。
Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first work of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
不久之前, Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品: nubiaZ11mini.
Not long ago, Nubia had launched the first work of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
不久以前, Nubia推出了Z11系列的首部作品: nubiaZ11mini.
Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first work of the Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
不久之前, Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品: nubiaZ11mini.
Not long ago, Nubia has launched the first work of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
不久以前, Nubia推出了Z11系列的首部作品: nubiaZ11mini.
Not long ago, nubia also launched the first work of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
不久以前, 核素还推出了Z11系列的首部作品: 核素Z11mini.
Not long ago, Nubia also launched the first work in its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini.
不久之前, Nubia还推出了Z11系列的首部作品: nubiaZ11mini.
NubiaZ11mini follows the consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen and convenient and easy-to-use back fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior use experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循一致的拍摄基因,并配备一个易于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手手手和便于使用的回指印识别,有助于其卓越的使用经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows the consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 4. 0-inch screen and convenient and easy-to-use back fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior use experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循一致的拍摄基因,并配备了便于抓住4.0英寸屏幕的单手手手和便于使用的回指印识别,有助于其卓越的使用经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows the consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 2. 0-inch screen and convenient and easy-to-use back fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior use experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循一致的相片基因,并配备了易于锁定2.0英寸的单手屏幕和便于使用的回指印识别,有助于其卓越的使用经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows the consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 3. 0-inch screen and convenient and easy-to-use back fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior use experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循一致的相片基因,并配备了易于锁定3.0英寸的单手屏幕和方便易用的回指印识别,有助于其卓越的使用经验。
RubiaZ11mini follows the consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 5. 0-inch screen and convenient and easy-to-use back fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior use experience.
鲁比亚Z11mini遵循一致的相片基因,并配备一个易于抓住5.0英寸屏幕的单手手手和便于使用的回指印识别,有助于其卓越的使用经验。
NubiaZ11mini follows the consistent photographed gene, and is equipped with a one-hand easier-to-hold 1. 0-inch screen and convenient and easy-to-use back fingerprint recognition, contributing to its superior use experience.
NubiaZ11mini遵循一致的拍摄基因,并配备了易于锁定1.0英寸的单手屏幕和方便易用的回指印识别,有助于其卓越的使用经验。
Z11mini, a small screen camera phone which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1, 499 to RMB 1, 299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini小型屏幕摄像机手机价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的人民币1,499元下降到1,299元人民币。
S11mini, a small screen camera phone which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1, 499 to RMB 1, 299.
刚由Nubia上市的小型屏幕照相机S11mini的价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1,499元下降到1,299元人民币。
N11mini, a small screen camera phone which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1, 499 to RMB 1, 299.
N11mini,刚由Nubia上市的小型屏幕照相机,价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的1,499元人民币下降到1,299元人民币。
Z11mini, a small screen camera phone that was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 1, 499 to RMB 1, 299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini小型屏幕摄像机手机价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的人民币1,499元下降到1,299元人民币。
Z11mini, a small screen camera phone which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 2, 499 to RMB 1, 299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini小型屏幕摄像机手机价格跌了200元人民币,从原来的2,499元人民币跌至1,299元人民币。
Z11mini, a small screen camera phone which was just listed by Nubia, had a price fall of RMB 200, decreasing from the original RMB 3, 499 to RMB 1, 299.
刚由Nubia上市的Z11mini小型屏幕摄像机手机价格下跌了200元人民币,从原来的3,499元人民币降至1,299元人民币。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is at the bottom of the obverse side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计位于反侧的底部。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 7-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is at the bottom of the obverse side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了7英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计位于反侧的底部。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 15-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is at the bottom of the obverse side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用一个15英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计位于反向侧面的底部。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 10-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is at the bottom of the obverse side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了10英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计位于反向侧面的底部。
By appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 5-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is at the bottom of the obverse side.
纽比亚Z11mini的外观采用5英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计位于反面的底部。
In appearance, nubiaZ11mini uses a 12-inch 1080P screen. The classic " little red circle " design is at the bottom of the obverse side.
在外观上,NubiaZ11mini使用了12英寸1080P的屏幕。经典的“小红圈”设计位于反向侧面的底部。
The middle frame is made of metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with a Type-C data interface.
中间框架由金属材料制成,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
Its middle frame is made of metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with a Type-C data interface.
其中间框架由金属材料制成,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
The main frame is made of metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with a Type-C data interface.
主框架由金属材料制成,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
The middle frame is made of metal material. The bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with a Type-C data interface.
中间框架由金属材料制成,底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
The middle frame is made of metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is equipped with a Type-B data interface.
中间框架由金属材料制成,其底部采用对称设计,并配有B型数据接口。
The middle frame is made of metal material. Its bottom adopts symmetrical design and is fitted with a Type-C data interface.
中间框架由金属材料制成,其底部采用对称设计,并配有C型数据接口。
Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的未来受到电力合同的质疑
Portland Smelter's future in doubt with axing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的未来受到电力合同的质疑
Portland smelter's future in doubt by axing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的未来受到电力合同的质疑
Portland smelter's future in doubt after axing of power contract
电力合同到期后波特兰冶炼厂的前景受到质疑
Portland smelter's fate in doubt with axing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的命运受到电力合同的质疑
Portland smelter's future in doubt with maxing of power contract
波特兰冶炼厂的未来与最大电力合同的质疑
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止一项供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company that supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts likely to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问的是终止供应合同,所有供应合同都有可能被取消。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, and all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止一份供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The safety of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
维多利亚州波特兰炼铝厂的安全性以及数百名工人的工作情况,与向工厂提供泄露工厂所有者之一的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止一项供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The future of the Portland aluminium smelters in Victoria-and the jobs of hundreds of workers-is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
位于维多利亚州的波特兰铝厂的未来以及数百名工人的就业情况,与向工厂提供披露工厂业主之一的工厂的电力公司存在疑问,该公司将终止供应合同,所有供应合同预计将被取消。
The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
This move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年初决定不再提供补贴,以维持工厂的运作。
The decision follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
该决定是继维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再提供补贴以维持该工厂运转之后作出的。
The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies required to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies needed to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候决定不再发放维持该工厂运转所需的补贴。
The move follows a decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
此前,维多利亚州政府今年早些时候曾决定不再向该工厂提供维持运行所需的补贴。
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
为期20年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A 10-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
10年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A five-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
为期五年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A 5-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
为期5年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A three-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
为期三年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
A two-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
为期两年的固定补贴将于11月到期。
Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk in Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 2000 jobs could be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Trenton plant.
到2000年为止,Alcoa的Trenton工厂的工作岗位可能面临风险。
Up to 2000 jobs will be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
到2000年,美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰工厂的工作岗位将面临风险。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个岗位(直接的和间接的)在任何关闭时都可能面临风险。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct or indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个工作,无论是直接的还是间接的,都可能面临关闭的危险。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-may be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个直接和间接的工作可能面临风险,任何关闭。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-would be at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达2000个直接和间接的工作将面临风险。
As many as 2000 jobs-direct and indirect-will be at risk with any closure.
多达2000个岗位,不论是直接的还是间接的,都有可能被关闭。
As many as 300 jobs-direct and indirect-could be at risk with any closure.
如果关闭,多达300个直接和间接的工作可能面临风险。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
此外,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 20 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
此外,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州电力总产量的20%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes about 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
而且,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 25 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
此外,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州电力总产量的25%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 30 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
此外,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州电力总产量的30%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
And there could be additional knock-on effects because the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
此外,由于熔炼厂消耗了维多利亚州全部电力产量的10%左右,还可能产生额外的连锁效应。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Port Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了亨利港冶炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry Smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenrySmelter,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the John Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了约翰亨利冶炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed its Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry熔炼厂,导致去年安格勒海电厂关闭。
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea steel plant.
2014年,美国铝业公司关闭了PointHenry冶炼厂,导致去年安格勒西钢铁厂关闭。
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正在亏损,并面临关闭风险。
Alcan's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.
阿尔坎的波特兰冶炼厂正在亏损和风险关闭.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and faces closure.
铝业的波特兰冶炼厂正在亏损,面临关闭.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and facing closure.
美国铝业(Alcoa)的波特兰冶炼厂正面临亏损和关闭。
Alcoa's nickel smelter is losing money and risks closure.
铝业的镍冶炼厂正在亏损,并面临关闭的风险。
Alcoa's aluminum smelter is losing money and risks closure.
铝业的铝冶炼厂正在亏损,并面临关闭的风险。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,而最近又因该厂的产量价格而出现。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant over several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们开始猜测该厂的未来,最初是在澳大利亚元走强之后,而最近又由于该厂的产量价格而开始的。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar but more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,但最近又因该厂的产量价格而出现波动。
These moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是在澳大利亚元走强之后,而最近又由于该厂产出的价格而开始的。
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of a strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年来,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,而最近又由于该厂的产量价格较高。
This moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
此前数年,人们一直在猜测该厂的未来,最初是因澳大利亚元走强,而最近又由于该厂的产量价格较高。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
Latrobe Valley的Loy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Hoy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
拉特罗贝河谷(Latrobe Valley)的Hoy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Nay Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
拉特罗贝河谷(Latrobe Valley)内扬A电厂为大型铝厂供电的AGL表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将采取行动,终止其协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Choy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
拉特罗贝谷(Latrobe Valley)的Choy Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Tay Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
拉特罗贝谷(Latrobe Valley)的Tay Yang A电厂为大型铝厂供电,该公司表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将采取行动,终止其协议。
AGCO, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
拉特罗贝谷(Loy Yang A)发电厂为大型铝冶炼厂供电的AGCO表示,预计其他3家铝厂的厂主也将终止其协议。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂大部分为铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业所有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份较小。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with France's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂由美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有多数股权,法国的中信通讯(CITIC)和日本的Marubini Corp持有的股价较小。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp owning smaller shares.
这家工厂大部分为铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业所有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本丸子(Marubini Corp)持有的股份较小。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with Brazil's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂大部分由铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有,巴西的中信通讯(CITIC)和日本的Marubini Corp持有的股份规模较小。
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with Canada's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂由美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)的合资企业拥有多数股权,加拿大的中信通讯(CITIC)和日本的Marubini Corp持有的股价较小。
The plant is wholly owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
这家工厂完全由美国铝业(Alcoa)和氧化铝(Alumina)合资企业拥有,中国中信通讯(CITIC)和日本的丸子公司(Marubini Corp)持有的股份规模较小。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求将持续下去。
" PPL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
“PPL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求还会继续。”PPL表示。
" AGL expects the Portland facility will continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL预计,波特兰工厂将继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter to continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着对冶炼厂电力的实际需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity at the smelter will continue, " it said.
AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着冶炼厂的电力需求将持续下去。
" AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelters will continue, " it said.
“AGL期望波特兰工厂继续运营,这意味着冶炼厂的电力实际需求将持续下去,”该公司表示。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from November 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年11月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from October 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年10月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from September 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年9月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from December 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年12月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from April 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年4月生效。
AGL said the contracts are so-called'hedging contracts'which were due to take effect from March 2016.
AGL说,这些合同是所谓的“隐藏合同”,原定于2016年3月生效。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2017年完成。
These contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
这些合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2017年实际结束。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period and they will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,实际上将在2017年结束。
The contracts have a 12-month termination date so they will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止日期为12个月,因此将在2017年完成。
Both contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
这两项合同都有12个月的终止期,因此将在2017年实际结束。
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so it will actually finish in 2017.
合同的终止期为12个月,因此将在2017年完成。
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company stated.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, APL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,APL仍然期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, PPL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
“因此,PPL继续期望这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献,”电力公司表示。
" As such, AGL expects to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL预计这些合同会在17财年对收益有所贡献。”
" As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings for fiscal year 17, " the power company said.
电力公司表示:“因此,AGL继续期望这些合同能为第17财年的收益作出贡献。”
Any potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何潜在收益影响目前都是有限的。
Any future earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何未来收益影响目前都是有限的。
Any net earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何净收益影响目前都有限。
Any further earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何进一步收益影响目前都是有限的。
Any significant earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从18财政年度起对AGL的任何重大收益影响目前都有限。
The potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
由于电力批发价格的强劲期货市场前景,从财政年度18年起对AGL的潜在收益影响目前有限。
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGL表示,已经将合同价值记录在其账户中1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
ADL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
ADL说,公司已经将合同价值记录在帐面上1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
PPL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
PPL说,该公司已经将合同在账户中的价值减少了1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGB said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGB表示,已经将合同价值记录在帐面上1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGI said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGI表示,已经将合同价值记录在其账户中1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
AGP said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $ 187 million in " anticipation of a termination event. "
AGP表示,已经将合同价值记录在其账户中1.87亿美元,以“预计会发生终止事件”。
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供电的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter and secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂和确保向冶炼厂供电的能力。”
Alcoa stated the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定"并不影响美国铝业公司.经营冶炼厂的能力或确保向冶炼厂供应电力的能力"。
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelters or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供电的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " does not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelters. "
美国铝业公司称,终止合同的决定“并不影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂或确保向冶炼厂供应电力的能力。”
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts " will not affect Alcoa's... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter. "
美国铝业公司表示,终止合同的决定不会影响美国铝业公司......经营冶炼厂的能力或确保向冶炼厂供应电力的能力。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, though it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,不过该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from October this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年10月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2011, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2011年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to confirm why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年11月开始,尽管该公司尚未证实为何退出该合同。
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which was due to commence from September this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
这家美国公司表示,它于2010年与Loy Yang订立了为期20年的合同,该合同定于今年9月开始,尽管该公司尚未解释为何退出了该合同。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚港兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的托马戈厂可能关闭。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Jago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师们一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔附近的Portland冶炼厂的经济状况不佳,可能关闭维多利亚州的Portland冶炼厂和Jago厂。
Analysts have been wary of the potential closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师们一直对维多利亚州波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔市附近的托马戈厂因经济萧条而可能关闭表示担忧。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Michelago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师们一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔附近的Portland冶炼厂的经济状况不佳,可能关闭维多利亚州的Portland冶炼厂和Michalago工厂。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant in Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师们一直担心,由于该行业经济状况不佳,维多利亚州波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔州托马戈厂可能关闭。
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelters in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
分析师一直担心,由于纽卡斯尔的经济状况不佳,维多利亚的波特兰冶炼厂和纽卡斯尔附近的托马戈厂都可能关闭。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 500 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为500兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 400 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为400兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 300 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为300兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses about 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses approximately 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
默克尔森(Stephen Mikkelsen)表示,波特兰的电力年使用量约为600兆瓦,而托马戈的电力年使用量约为900兆瓦。
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场, 电力市场的需求就会明显下降.
If all of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果所有这些工厂都退出市场, 电力市场的需求就会明显下降.
When both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
当这两家工厂都退出市场时, 电力市场的需求就会明显下降.
If some of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这些工厂中有一部分从市场运走,这在 [ 电力 ] 市场将大大降低需求.
If any of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这些工厂中的任何一家从市场出口,对 [ 电力 ] 市场的需求就会显著下降.
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction of demand in the [ electricity ] market.
如果这两家工厂都退出了市场,这在 [ 电力 ] 市场中将大大降低需求.
And as a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
并且,作为一个对我们没有好处的发电机,”他说。
And maybe a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
也许是一台对我们不好的发电机,”他说。
And probably a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
并且可能是一个对我们没用的发电机,”他说。
And as a generator that won't be good for us, " he said.
并且,作为一个对我们没有好处的发电机,”他说。
Just as a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " he said.
就像一个对我们不好的发电机,”他说。
And as a generator that wouldn't be good for us, " she said.
并且,作为一个对我们没有好处的发电机,”她说。
Community legal centres turn away 160, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年减少160 000人
Community legal centres turn away 160, 000 people per year
社区法律中心每年减少160 000人
Community legal centres turn away 20, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年减少20 000人
Community legal centres turn away 160, 000 people each year
社区法律中心每年减少160 000人
Community legal centres turn away 10, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年减少10 000人
Community legal centres turn away 5, 000 people a year
社区法律中心每年减少5 000人
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres each year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年,超过160 000名国家最脆弱的群体被社区法律中心所排斥,该部门将做好准备,进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-struggling operations.
每年,超过160,000个最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门将做好准备,进一步削减资金将对已经紧张的行动产生何种影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts may have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金可能对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the effect further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门将做好准备,进一步削减资金将对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生何种影响。
More than 160, 000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts could have on already-stretched operations.
每年有160,000多位最脆弱的国家从社区法律中心转向社区法律中心,该部门随时准备进一步削减资金可能对已经捉襟见肘的行动产生影响。
In Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
In Queensland, four out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之四的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
In Queensland, two out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之二的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
In Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions or the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、暴力受害者和那些没有资源与不公正的驱逐行为或类似行为作斗争的人 -- -- 在寻求免费法律咨询和律师代理的同时,已经遭到拒绝。
In Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of crime and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、犯罪受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时遭到拒绝。
In Queensland, three out of five people-mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of abuse and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like-are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
在昆士兰,五分之三的人 -- -- 主要是老年人、移民、弱势工人、受虐待的受害者和那些没有资源与不公平的驱逐行为作斗争的人 -- -- 已经在寻求免费法律咨询和代理的同时拒绝了他们。
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的共同体法律服务正准备进一步削减。
Community outreach services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
社区外联服务已超出限度,正准备进一步削减。
Community health services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的社区保健服务正准备进一步削减。
The legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
已经超出限度的法律服务正准备进一步削减。
Its legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
其法律服务已经超越了限度,正准备进一步削减。
Their legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
他们的法律服务已经超越了限度,正准备进一步削减。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的30%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 40 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将失去联邦资金的40%。
In June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
明年6月,这些法律中心预计将再损失联邦资金的30%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 20 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将失去联邦资金的另外20%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 25 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的25%。
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 10 per cent of their federal funding.
从明年6月起,这些法律中心将再损失联邦资金的10%。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found hundreds of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年已有数百人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people are already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
President of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心总裁詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away every year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年有数千人被拒之门外。
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people have already being turned away each year.
昆士兰州社区法律中心主任詹姆斯法雷尔说,最近的全国社区法律中心协会人口普查报告发现,每年已有数千人被拒之门外。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of a federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation is only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
Mr Farrell said with a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔说,随着联邦政府决定的改变,情况只会变得更糟。
Premier Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔总理说,联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
Mr Farrell believed without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
法雷尔认为,如果联邦政府的决定没有被推翻,情况只会变得更糟。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" Australia's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“澳大利亚的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" Singapore's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“新加坡的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning hundreds of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着数百人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning millions of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " he said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着数百万人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”他说。
" Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need, " she said.
“昆士兰的社区法律中心长期资金不足,这意味着成千上万的人被排斥在他们所需要的重要服务之外,”她说。
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
脱离暴力关系的人、负债累累的人、离异的家庭、被不公平解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
People in violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
处于暴力关系中的人、负债累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到所需的帮助。
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, employees who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
脱离暴力关系的人、负债累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的雇员-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
Families leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
脱离暴力关系的家庭、无法管理、债务沉重不堪的人、正在经历分离的家庭、被不公平地解雇的工人 -- -- 所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而本报告表明,他们无法获得他们所需要的帮助。
Men leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
离开暴力关系的男性、无法管理、债务累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的员工都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法获得所需的帮助。
People with violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked-all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
与暴力有关系的人、无法管理、债务累累的人、离异家庭的人、被不公平地解雇的工人-所有这些人都有法律方面的问题,而这份报告表明,他们无法得到他们所需要的帮助。
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰地区数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
The federal government will cut funding by 20 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减20%,这意味着昆士兰地区数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
The federal government will cut funding by 40 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减40%,这意味着昆士兰地区数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
The federal government will cut funding by 50 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减50%,这意味着昆士兰的更多弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
The federal government will cut funding by 25 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
联邦政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减25%,这意味着昆士兰地区数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
The state government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
州政府将从2017年6月起将资金削减30%,这意味着昆士兰地区数以千计的弱势民众将被迫在没有帮助的情况下解决复杂的法律问题。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们吁请总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即逆转这些资金削减,这样人们在面临法律问题时就能够得到所需的帮助。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator Peter Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们吁请总检察长和昆士兰州参议员彼得·布兰迪斯立即扭转这些资金削减的局面,这样人们在面临法律问题时就能够得到所需的帮助。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're confronted with a legal problem.
我们吁请总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即逆转这些资金削减,这样人们在遇到法律问题时就能够得到所需的帮助。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the assistance they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们吁请总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即扭转这些资金削减的局面,这样人们在面临法律问题时可以获得所需的援助。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse the funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
我们吁请总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即扭转资金削减的局面,这样人们在面临法律问题时可以获得所需的帮助。
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need if they're faced with a legal problem.
我们吁请总检察长和昆士兰州参议员乔治·布兰迪斯立即扭转这些资金削减的局面,这样人们在遇到法律问题时可以获得所需的帮助。
Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
去年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
Last year, the state government delivered on a commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
去年,州政府承诺将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平。
Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding close to the national average.
去年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金接近全国平均水平的承诺。
This year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
今年,州政府兑现了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
Last year, the state government acted on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
去年,州政府履行了将法律援助资金提高到全国平均水平的承诺。
Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding closer to the national average.
去年,州政府兑现了让法律援助资金接近全国平均水平的承诺。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其客户社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres in their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心在客户社区的需求,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres for their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心对客户社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
It's now time to look into the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其客户社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their partner communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律中心及其伙伴社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal services and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
现在应该研究社区法律服务及其服务对象社区的需要,并让Palaszczuk政府投资于这一重要工作。
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动是在工作人员拉枪后被起诉的
Donald Trump campaign sued when staffer allegedly pulled a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动在工作人员拔枪时被起诉
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly used a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动因工作人员使用枪而被起诉
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly fired a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动因工作人员开枪而被起诉
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly carried a gun
据称,唐纳德·特朗普的竞选活动因工作人员持枪而被起诉
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly stole a gun
唐纳德·特朗普的竞选被指控是工作人员偷了一把枪
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer while they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶吉普车时被北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员,据称他无所事事。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being informed that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)的竞选活动被指控无所作为,此前他被告知,北卡罗来纳州行动的负责人在2月驾驶吉普车时用枪对准了一名职员。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations drew a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its South Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知南卡罗来纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
New York : Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that a director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
纽约:唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)被指控在2月份驾驶吉普车时因被告知北卡罗莱纳州行动负责人用枪指向一名职员而无所作为。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周三,该事件在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼中被描述,该州竞选活动前软件培训师VincentBordini提起了诉讼。
This incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
这一事件发生在周三在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼案中,该州竞选活动前软件培训师文森特·博迪尼(VincentBordini)。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bozzini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
上周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bozzini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Tardini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Tardini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Pardini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
上周三,该事件在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼中被描述,该州竞选活动前软件培训师文森特·帕迪尼(Vincent Pardini)。
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, the former software trainer for the state campaign.
上周三,前国家竞选软件培训师Vincent Bordini在夏洛特州法院提起的诉讼描述了这一事件。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bozzini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博齐尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bottini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博蒂尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Borsani said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博萨尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bocchini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " this was not going to happen. "
博奇尼说,他等了几个月才将局势内部处理,才意识到“这不会发生”。
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising " it was not going to happen. "
博迪尼说,他等了几个月才在内部处理此事,才意识到“不会发生”。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,把他右手的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his left index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将左手的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Phillip's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞进了菲利普的膝盖。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, placed his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Bordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Gordini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,把他右手的食指放在扳机上,把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
The director, Earl Phillip, " produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap, " Tardini said in the complaint.
导演厄尔·菲利普(Earl Phillip)拿出了一支手枪,将右手的食指放在扳机上,然后把桶塞进了文森特的膝盖。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后得知,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Tardini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后,塔尔迪尼得知至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
While complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
鲍尔迪尼在向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨的同时,了解到至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After speaking to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
博迪尼在与当地和地区竞选领导人谈话后得知,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
Upon complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
鲍尔迪尼在向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后得知,根据档案,至少有另外四个人与菲利普有过同样的经历。
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Gordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
在向当地和地区竞选领导人抱怨后,Gordini了解到至少有另外四个人与Phillip有过同样的经历。
" Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 枪支不必开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" I don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
博迪尼在投诉中说: “ 我不必开火来造成伤害. ”
" They don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 他们不必开火来造成损害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" We don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 我们不必开火来造成损害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" You don't have to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 你不必开火来造成损害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
" Guns don't need to fire to inflict damage, " Bordini said in the complaint.
“ 枪支不需要开火来造成伤害, ” 博迪尼在投诉中说.
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,就可以采取行动。
The suit comes just three days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
三天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他的对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,他们可以采取行动。
The suit comes just two days after the Democratic presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,民主党总统候选人在北卡罗来纳州对民众说,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他的对手希拉里·克林顿当选并被选为法官,他们可以采取行动。
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if her rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果她的竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,就可以采取行动。
The suit comes just four days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅在4天前,这位共和党总统提名人向北卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选并获得评委的人选,就可以采取行动。
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in South Carolina that the " Second Amendment people "-- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts-- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
仅两天前,这位共和党总统提名人向南卡罗来纳州的公众表示,“第二修正案人”——据悉是持枪者和持枪爱好者——如果他竞争对手希拉里·克林顿当选,并被选为法官,就可以采取行动。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话断章取义了,他不是在鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign claimed the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话从背景中拿了出来,他不是在鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken the words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经将这些话从背景中剔除,他并非鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign said that media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话断章取义了,他不是在鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his comments out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的评论从背景中剔除,他并非鼓吹暴力。
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his remarks out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
特朗普的竞选活动称,媒体已经把他的话断章取义了,他不是在鼓吹暴力。
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Bordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 Phillip 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Tardini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Tardini的申诉要求从疏忽监督运动中赔偿,而Phillip则要求就攻击、殴打和施加精神痛苦进行赔偿。
Gordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Gordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 也 要求 菲利普 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Borsani's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Borsani 的 控诉 要求 过失 监督 运动 的 赔偿, 要求 Phillip 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Nardini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Nardini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 并 要求 菲利普 赔偿 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 的 感情 痛苦 。
Sordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Sordini 的 控诉 要求 从 疏忽 监督 运动 中 得到 赔偿, 也 要求 菲利普 对 攻击 、 殴打 和 造成 感情 痛苦 作出 赔偿 。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a call seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复要求置评的电话。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately send a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即发出寻求评论的信息。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a letter seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回信寻求评论。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a statement seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即回复要求置评的声明。
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately post a message seeking comment.
特朗普发言人Hope Hicks没有立即发布寻求评论的信息。
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.
到达菲利普的企图没有成功.
Attempts to reach him were unsuccessful.
试图接近他的努力没有成功。
Attempts to capture Phillip were unsuccessful.
捕捉菲利普的企图没有成功.
Attempts to reach her were unsuccessful.
试图接近她的努力没有成功。
Attempts to arrest Phillip were unsuccessful.
逮捕菲利普的企图没有成功。
Attempts to remove Phillip were unsuccessful.
撤除菲利普的企图没有成功.
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特的当地新闻机构WCCB报道,菲利普最近退出了这场竞选活动。
WCLB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
在夏洛特(Charlotte)的当地新闻联播WCLB公司(WCLB)报道,菲利普(Phillip)最近退出了竞选。
WRCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
夏洛特(Charlotte)当地新闻机构WRCB报道,菲利普最近退出了竞选。
WCWB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
Charlotte的当地新闻机构WCWB报道说,菲利普最近退出了竞选。
WCHB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
夏洛特(Charlotte)当地一家新闻机构WCHB报道,菲利普最近退出了竞选。
WCEB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
夏洛特的一家当地新闻公司WCEB报道,菲利普最近退出了竞选。
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司“创新咨询服务公司”的电话没有立即回复。
A message left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司“创新咨询服务公司”的留言没有立即回复。
A check left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
在他的咨询公司,创新咨询服务公司,没有立即归还支票。
A note left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
他咨询公司“创新咨询服务公司”留下的条子没有立即归还。
The call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
在他的咨询公司,创新咨询服务公司,没有立即回复电话。
A call left at her consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
她的咨询公司,创新咨询服务,没有立即回复。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Democratic presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
民主党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has led a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)领导了一个有争议的竞选活动。
Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has conducted a controversial campaign.
共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普(Donald Trump)发起了一场有争议的竞选活动。
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 17-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Bordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.,17-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Pardini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Pardini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Tardini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
案件是塔尔迪尼诉唐纳德·特朗普诉总统公司案,16-CS-14300,普通法院,高级法院梅克伦堡县 ( 夏洛特 )
The case is Gordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Gordini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
The case is Nardini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg ( Charlotte ).
该案是Nardini诉Donald J. Trump For President Inc.案,16-CS-14300,General Court of Justice, Superial Court Division of Meclenburg ( Charlotte ).
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
英国必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain should channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
英国应发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Britain will channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
英国将引导奥林匹克精神,并扩大希思罗
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit to expand Heathrow
英国必须引导奥林匹克精神来扩张希思罗
Britain to channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
英国引导奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
We must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
我们必须发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in the local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in its local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just across our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅在我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且在全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just to our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅为我们的当地社区和整个伦敦,而且为全国各地带来复兴和繁荣。
Heathrow will also foster regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
希思罗还将不仅促进我们的当地社区和整个伦敦的复兴和繁荣,而且促进全国的复兴和繁荣。
For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对我来说,这正是希思罗的巨大吸引力所在,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
To me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对我来说,这正是希思罗的巨大吸引力所在,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made great efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对我来说,这是希思罗的巨大吸引力,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出了巨大努力,以确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
For us, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对我们来说,这正是希思罗的巨大吸引力所在,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们在那里作出巨大努力,以确保我们所有国家和地区都能从奥运会中获益。
For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our countries and regions benefited from the Games.
对我来说,这是希思罗的巨大吸引力,就像2012年伦敦一样,我们为确保我们所有国家和地区从奥运会中获益做出了巨大努力。
For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, when we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
对我来说,这是希思罗的巨大吸引力,就像2012年伦敦一样,当时我们为确保我们所有国家和地区从奥运会中获益做出了巨大努力。
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics achieved major benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了重大利益。
The Olympics achieved great benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics provided huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics had huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
The Olympics achieved huge benefits to Stratford and the East End.
奥运会给斯特拉特福德和东区带来了巨大的利益。
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和公司创造机会。
Therefore, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
因此, 我们 将 再次 这样 做, 为 接近 希 斯 罗 的 当地人 民 和 公司 创造 机会 。
Indeed, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
事实上,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人民和公司创造机会。
However, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
然而,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人民和公司创造机会。
Today, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
今天, 我们 将 再次 这样 做, 为 接近 希思罗 的 当地人 民 和 公司 创造 机会 。
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and businesses close to Heathrow.
而且,我们将再次这样做,为接近希思罗的当地人和企业创造机会。
For our local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 30, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,30 000个新的就业机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our local communities alone we'll create 20, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造2万个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For our local communities alone we'll create 5, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就我们的当地社区而言,我们将创造5 000个新的学徒,4万个新的就业机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
For the local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅就当地社区而言,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业状况。
In our local communities alone we'll create 10, 000 new apprenticeships, 40, 000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
仅在我们的当地社区,我们将创造10 000个新的学徒,4万个新的工作机会,并结束机场周围的青年失业。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,还有人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
Just like there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
就像2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,有些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
But as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
但是,在2012年伦敦奥运会之前,会有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
And as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,将有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that believe the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,也有人相信希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those who think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
正如2012年伦敦奥运会之前一样,也有一些人认为希思罗扩张的挑战太大了。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that we would be embarrassed on the world stage.
我被告知,英国将永远不会为奥运会做好准备,我们将在世界舞台上感到尴尬。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that they would be embarrassed on the world stage.
我被告知,英国将永远不会为奥运会做好准备,他们会在国际舞台上感到尴尬。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for these Games and that we would be embarrassed on the world stage.
我被告知,英国将永远不会为本届奥运会做好准备,我们将在世界舞台上感到尴尬。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that we would be embarrassed on a world stage.
我被告知,英国将永远不会为奥运会做好准备,而且我们会在世界舞台上感到尴尬。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that Britain would be embarrassed on the world stage.
我被告知,英国将永远不会为奥运会做好准备,而英国将在世界舞台上感到尴尬。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that I would be embarrassed on the world stage.
有人告诉我,英国将永远不会为奥运会做好准备,我将在世界舞台上感到尴尬。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
The Londoners were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
伦敦人在2012年错了,在希思罗被证明是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 but they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,但他们在希思罗将被证明是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong at Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proven wrong on Heathrow.
怀疑者在2012年是错的,他们会在希思罗被证明是错的。
The flyers were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
2012年的传单错误了,希思罗的传单将被证明是错的。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always hurdles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always problems to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些问题需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always difficulties to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些困难需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always challenges to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
总是有一些挑战需要克服,但是希思罗回答着每一个问题。
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering any question asked of it.
总是有一些障碍需要克服,但希思罗回答任何问题。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗(Heathrow)是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
Unlike the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
与奥运会不同,希思罗是众多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
After the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
奥运会结束后,希思罗(Heathrow)是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
For the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
对于奥运会来说,希思罗是众多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow was an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗(Heathrow)是许多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project of the many, not just the few.
和奥运会一样,希思罗是众多而不仅仅是少数人的基础设施项目。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £ 211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的良机,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £ 211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and throughout the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的良机,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 100, 000 new jobs, £ 211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造10万个新就业机会的良机,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion offers an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £ 211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张提供了创造多达1.8万个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场周围和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion provides an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £ 211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张提供了创造多达180,000个新就业机会的机会,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180, 000 new jobs, £ 211bn in economic growth, leaving a surplus of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
扩张是创造多达180,000个新就业机会的良机,经济增长为2110亿英镑,在机场和英国各地留下大量技能和就业机会。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £ 11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £ 11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal four years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续4年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £ 11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal three years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续3年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £ 11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal two years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的基础设施投资计划,从连续两年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到位于全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £ 11bn programme of capital investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们及时和预算地实施了110亿英镑的资本投资计划,从连续5年以T5票当选的全球最佳机场终点站,到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间建造的T2。
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £ 11bn programme of new investment on time and on budget, from T5-voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
在希思罗,我们有一个伟大的团队,他们已经按时和按预算实施了110亿英镑的新投资计划,从连续5年以T5票价位居世界最佳机场终点站的T2到在全球最繁忙的两条跑道中间的T2。
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £ 16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在160亿英镑私人投资的支持下,修建第三跑道.
Now we stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £ 16 billion of private investment.
现在我们准备在160亿英镑私人投资的支援下修建第三跑道.
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, supported by £ 16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在160亿英镑私人投资的支持下修建第三跑道.
Today they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £ 16 billion of private investment.
如今,他们准备在160亿英镑私人投资的支持下,修建第三跑道。
Now they stand ready to deliver a second runway, backed by £ 16 billion of private investment.
现在,他们准备在160亿英镑私人投资的支撑下再开通跑道.
Currently they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £ 16 billion of private investment.
目前,他们准备在160亿英镑私人投资的支持下,修建第三跑道。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
The London 2012 Games were a huge success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是巨大的。
The London 2012 Games were a big success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是巨大的。
The London 2012 Games were a major success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个重大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
The London 2012 Games are a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我相信希思罗的扩张也将是成功的。
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am optimistic that Heathrow expansion will be too.
2012年伦敦奥运会对英国来说是一个巨大的成功,我对希思罗的扩张也将是乐观的。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
我们现在应该发扬奥林匹克精神,扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易前景,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统。
It was time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时候了。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and building a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,建设英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时候了。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and achievements that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和成就的遗产的时候了。
It is time for us to harness that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
现在是我们把握奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们贸易的未来,创造英国可以引以为荣的技能和就业传统的时候了。
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain will be proud of.
现在是我们引导奥林匹克精神和扩大希思罗,确保我们的贸易未来,创造英国将引以为豪的技能和就业传统的时候了。
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Peter Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
彼得·戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Mark Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Sir Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿爵士是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton is Chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会董事长,曾任财政部商业秘书
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Economic Secretary to the Treasury
保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗董事会的主席,曾任财政部经济秘书
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
Woman run over in Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上驾车自杀
Woman run over on Swiss motorway for apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上行驶,明显自杀
Woman run over by Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上行驶,明显自杀
Was run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
在瑞士高速公路上行驶,显然是自杀
Woman run down on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
女性在瑞士高速公路上奔跑,显然是自杀
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying on a motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在一条高速公路上。
The victim was lying in the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying near the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路附近。
The body was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
半夜里,尸体躺在高速公路上。
The victim was lying beside the motorway in the middle of the night.
受害者在半夜躺在高速公路旁。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方正在呼吁证人。
Police were appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方在呼吁证人。
Police began appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警察开始呼吁证人。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway during the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名女子在高速公路上被几辆汽车撞倒,显然是自杀,警方在呼吁证人。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles in a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名妇女被几辆汽车在高速公路上行驶,显然是自杀,警方在呼吁证人。
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an alleged act of suicide.
周四凌晨,一名妇女被几辆汽车在高速公路上行驶,涉嫌自杀,警方呼吁证人。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜过后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号上发生了这起事故。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight on Thursday.
事件发生在周四午夜过后不久,在沃州莫日附近的A1号。
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
事件发生在周四午夜后在沃州莫日附近的A1号。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Friday.
周五午夜后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号发生事故。
The incident happened on the A1 in Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
周四午夜后,在沃州莫日的A1上发生事故。
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Wednesday.
周三午夜后,在沃州莫日附近的A1号发生事故。
A woman lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A man lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名男子在黑暗中“绝望地”躺在路上,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was struck by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在路边的黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman lay down in the dark in the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman lay down in the dark on the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several cars, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
A woman lay down in the dark along the road " in a desperate act " and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
沃德警方在一份声明中说,一名妇女“绝望地”躺在路边的黑暗中,被几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,很明显,她正想自杀,结果被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车撞倒。
Clearly planning to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害人是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,显然计划自杀,被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
Clearly intending to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害人是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,显然是想自杀,被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
Clearly trying to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
很明显,受害人,一名49岁的瑞士妇女,试图自杀,被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
Clearly attempting to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,显然企图自杀,被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
Clearly unable to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
受害者是一名49岁的瑞士妇女,显然无法自杀,被包括一辆卡车在内的几辆汽车击中。
She died at the scene.
她死在现场。
He died at the scene.
他死在现场.
She stared at the scene.
她盯着那场戏.
She died at the hospital.
她在医院死去。
She glanced at the scene.
她扫视了一下现场.
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,一些司机已经接受了采访,但一些司机的身份仍然不明,警察呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
Some of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,一些司机已经接受了采访,但一些司机的身份仍然不明,警察呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
Many of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,许多司机已经接受了采访,但有些司机的身份仍不明,警察呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
Most of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,大多数司机已经接受了采访,但有些司机的身份仍不明,警方呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed and some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,一些司机已经接受了采访,一些司机的身份仍然不明,他们呼吁司机和目击这一事件的其他人站出来。
Several of the drivers involved had already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
警方称,一些司机已经接受了采访,但一些司机的身份仍然不明,警察呼吁司机和任何目击事件的人站出来。
A criminal investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
GillesHofstetter的律师对LeTribunedeGeneve说,已经展开刑事调查,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A criminal investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told La Tribune de Geneve.
GillesHofstetter的律师对LaTribunedeGeneve说,已经展开刑事调查,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A criminal investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetler told Le Tribune de Geneve.
律师GillesHofstetler对《TribunedeGeneve》说,已经展开刑事调查,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A criminal investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hufstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
GillesHufstetter的律师对《TribunedeGeneve》说,已经展开刑事调查,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A formal investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
律师GillesHofstetter对《TribunedeGeneve》说,正式调查已经展开,在这样的情况下,这是“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
A criminal investigation has been opened, a " logical " step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofsteter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
律师GillesHofsteter对LeTribunedeGeneve说,已经展开刑事调查,这是在这样的情况下“合乎逻辑的”步骤。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
然而,尚有待观察的是,所涉司机中是否有人将面临指控。
But it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
但是,还有待观察的是,其中是否有任何司机将面临指控。
However it remains to be seen if either of the drivers involved will face charges.
然而,尚需看一看,涉案司机中是否有一人将面临指控。
However it remains to be seen whether any of the drivers involved will face charges.
然而,尚有待观察的是,所涉司机中是否有人将面临指控。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face prosecution.
然而,尚需看一看,涉案司机是否有人会受到起诉。
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face trial.
然而,尚需看一看,所涉司机中是否有人将面临审判。
Was it possible to avoid impact ?
能否避免冲击?
Is it possible to avoid impact ?
能否避免冲击?
Was it possible to survive impact ?
能否在冲击中幸存下来?
Was it possible to withstand impact ?
能否抵挡冲击?
That's what the prosecutor must determine, " said Hofstetter.
这就是检察官必须决定的,”霍夫斯特特说。
It's what the prosecutor must determine, " said Hofstetter.
这是检察官必须决定的,”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor should determine, " said Hofstetter.
这就是检察官应该决定的。”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor must determine, " replied Hofstetter.
检察官必须确定这一点, ” 霍夫斯特特回答说.
That's what the prosecutor will determine, " said Hofstetter.
这就是检察官将要决定的,”霍夫斯特特说。
That's what the prosecutor would determine, " said Hofstetter.
这就是检察官会决定的,”霍夫斯特特说。
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去五年里,另外两个类似的事例表明,司机不会承担责任。
Two more similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年中又发生了两起类似的情况,表明司机不会承担责任。
Three other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去五年里,有3个其他类似的案例表明,司机不会承担责任。
Two very similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
过去五年里有两起非常相似的案例表明,司机不会承担责任。
Two other similar cases in the past three years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去三年里,另外两个类似的事例表明,司机不会承担责任。
Two other similar cases over the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
在过去五年里,另外两个类似的事例表明,司机不会承担责任。
In each case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两种情况下,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In neither case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报道说,无论哪种情况,无论是在黑暗中在高速公路上行走的人,人们都认为,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In either case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报道说,无论哪种情况,只要一个人在黄昏时分在高速公路上行走,人们就会认为,司机不可能在午夜时分在高速公路上遇到行人。
In both case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报道说,在这两起事故中,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In one case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报道说,在其中一起事故中,有个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
In this case-both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark-it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
报纸说,在这两起事故中,都涉及到一个人在黑暗中在高速公路上行走,据判断,司机不可能在午夜在高速公路上遇到行人。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年8月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Paynerne附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in April 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年4月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在佩纳纳附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2015.
去年,一名警官因过失致死而被宣布无罪,因为她于2015年8月在Paynerne附近一天晚上殴打并杀害了一名男子。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in October 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年10月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Paynerne附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in July 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年7月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Paynerne附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in March 2014.
去年,一名警官在2014年3月晚上殴打并杀害了一名躺在Paynerne附近A1号船上的男子后,因疏忽致人死亡而被无罪释放。
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,22岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 19-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,这位19岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 18-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,18岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 17-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,这位17岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 15-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,15岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The 16-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
法庭获悉,这位16岁的受害人一直在喝酒,并在路上昏厥。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road constituted a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场构成了一种“完全例外和不可预测的状况”。
The judge found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官发现,这位正在响应紧急呼叫的女警官开车的方式是正当的,而路上有男子在场,是一种“完全例外和不可预测的状况”,法官说。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road created a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,这位正在响应紧急呼叫的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有个人,这造成了一种“完全例外和不可预测的状况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner which was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,正在响应紧急呼救的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
The court found that the policewoman-- who was responding to an emergency call-- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road is a " completely exceptional and unpredictable situation, " the judge said.
法官说,法院认定,对紧急呼叫做出反应的女警官开车的方式是正当的,路上有男子在场是一种“完全例外和不可预知的情况”。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 44。
Anyone seeking information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如欲了解周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 44。
Anyone wanting information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果想知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges must call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,必须报警0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44 44。
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police at 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
任何人如果知道周四在莫日附近发生的事件,请致电警方,电话021 644 83 46 或021 644 44 44。
Those with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
凡是知道周四莫日附近事件的人,请致电警方0211 644 83 46 或021 644 44。
NASA climate model : Venus was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾适宜居住
NASA climate models : Venus was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:金星曾经适宜居住
NASA planetary model : Venus was once habitable
美国宇航局的行星模型:金星曾适宜居住
NASA climate model : Mars was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:火星曾适宜居住
NASA climate model : Earth was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:地球曾经适宜居住
NASA climate model : Titan was once habitable
美国宇航局气候模型:泰坦曾经适宜居住
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was probably once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the predictions of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新气候模型的预测,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the assumptions of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局新的气候模型的假设,金星可能曾经适宜居住。
Mars was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
根据美国宇航局(NASA)新的气候模型的预测,火星可能曾经适宜居住。
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of the new NASA climate model.
根据NASA新的气候模型的预测, 金星可能曾经适宜居住.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国宇航局戈达德空间研究所的科学家开发了一个模型,利用类似于气候科学家使用的工具和算法来探索金星的历程。
Scientists from NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
来自美国航空航天局戈达德空间研究所的科学家开发了一个模型,利用类似于气候科学家使用的工具和算法来探索金星的历程。
Researchers at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国宇航局戈达德空间研究所的研究人员开发了一个模型,利用类似于气候科学家使用的工具和算法来探索金星的历程。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies designed a model to explore Venus'past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国航空航天局戈达德空间研究所的科学家设计了一个模型,利用类似于气候科学家使用的工具和算法来探索金星的历程。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies created a model to explore Venus'past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国航空航天局戈达德空间研究所的科学家们利用与气候科学家使用的工具和算法相似的方法和算法,创建了一个模型来探索金星的历程。
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus'past with tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
美国宇航局戈达德空间研究所的科学家开发了一种模型,用类似于气候科学家使用的工具和算法来探索金星的历程。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳充斥的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its cold, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否具有其冰冷、无水的表面和二氧化碳的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, may have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否曾存在过类似于地球的条件,其表面是热、无水和二氧化碳的大气层。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, could have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否具有其热、无水的表面和二氧化碳充斥的大气层,是否曾经承载了类似于地球的条件。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its dark, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否曾经存在类似于地球的条件,它具有黑暗、无水的表面和二氧化碳的大气层。
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its flat, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
该模型旨在确定金星是否具有平坦的、无水的表面和二氧化碳的大气层,是否曾经承载过类似于地球的条件。
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾建议,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists had previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾建议,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'fast rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾建议,金星的快速旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Researchers have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
研究人员以前曾建议,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'rapid rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
科学家以前曾提出,金星的快速旋转速度是由它的厚厚的大气层来解释的.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus'slow rotation rate is explained by its thin atmosphere.
科学家以前曾建议,金星的缓慢旋转速度是由它薄薄的大气层来解释的.
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But our latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但我们最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个薄薄的、像地球一样的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
Yet the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
然而最近的模拟表明,金星本可以自豪地拥有一个薄薄的、像地球一样的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus might have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但最近的仿真表明,金星可能夸耀地表的大气层很薄,像地球一样,仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus would have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但是最近的模拟表明,金星会自豪地拥有一个像地球一样的薄薄的大气层,并且仍然缓慢地旋转。
But the latest simulation suggests Venus may have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
但最近的模拟表明,金星可能夸耀地表的大气层很薄,像地球一样,仍然缓慢地旋转。
The model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
This model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
该模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
His model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
他的模型还考察了早期金星的地形.
The study also looked at the topography of early Venus.
研究还考察了早期金星的地形.
The team also looked at the topography of early Venus.
研究小组还考察了早期金星的地形.
The expedition also looked at the topography of early Venus.
探险队还考察了早期金星的地形.
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had sufficient water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
This planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
这个行星的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and protect against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,防止迅速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, and once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,曾经有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命,并防范快速蒸发。
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once possessed enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
地球的干燥区域可能比地球更多,但曾经拥有足够的水和地理变异性来容纳生命和防范快速蒸发。
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于30%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 40 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于40%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 20 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于20%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 50 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于50%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 70 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于70%的淡化太阳.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun which was 30 percent dimmer.
早期的金星也受益于30%的淡化太阳.
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次暴露在太阳的背面近两个月,“GISS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genaro explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次暴露在太阳的背面近两个月,”GISS科学家AnthonyDelGenaro在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost three months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次暴露在太阳的背面近3个月,“GISS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Geno explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋几乎一次暴露在太阳的背面两个月,”GIS科学家安东尼·德尔热诺在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for nearly two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次暴露在太阳的背面近两个月的时间,“GISS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中解释道。
" In the GISS model's simulation, Venus'slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time, " GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio stated in a news release.
在GISS模型的仿真中,金星的缓慢自旋一次暴露在太阳的背面近两个月的时间,GISS科学家安东尼·德尔·热尼奥在一份新闻稿中说道。
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这使表面变暖,产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳的热量影响。
This cools the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这冷却表面并产生雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,保护表面免受太阳的热量影响。
This wets the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这种湿润的表层和产生雨形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,可以保护表层免受太阳的热量影响。
This warms the surface and generates rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这使表面变暖,并产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳热量的影响。
This melts the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这融化了表面并产生雨水,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像一把雨伞一样,可以保护表面免受太阳热量的影响。
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of cloud, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
这使表面变暖,产生降雨,形成一层厚厚的云层,就像雨伞一样,使表面免受太阳热量的影响。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
The result is mean climate temperatures which are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度比今天的地球低几度。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees warmer than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度比今天的地球温度高几度。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees colder than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度实际上比今天的地球低几度。
The difference is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
不同的是平均气候温度,实际上比今天的地球冷却几度。
The result is mean climate temperatures that are only a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
结果是平均气候温度仅比今天的地球低几度。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个金星的故事,与以前行星科学家假设的演化相似。
This model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个有关金星的故事,与以前行星科学家假设的演化相似。
The model produced a story of Venus prior to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型在行星科学家先前假设的进化之前就产生了一个金星的故事.
The model produced a story of Venus contrary to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
这个模型产生了一个与以前行星科学家推测的进化相反的金星的故事.
His model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
他的模型产生了一个金星的故事,与以前行星科学家推测的演化相似。
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary science.
这个模型产生了一个金星的故事,与以前被行星科学推测的演化相似。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星虽然可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年的时间里,它暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Though at once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
虽然金星可以同时居住,但是在数十亿年中,金星暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Although likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星虽然可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年的时间里,它暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of a billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
虽然金星可能曾经适宜居住,但是在十亿年中,金星暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Though likely once habitable, Venus was-- over the course of two billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
金星虽然可能曾经适宜居住,但是在20亿年的时间里,它暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Though likely once habitable, Venus became-- over the course of several billion years-- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
虽然金星可能曾经适宜居住,但是在数十亿年中,金星开始暴露在过多的热量和紫外线下。
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它的海洋蒸发了,它的水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was blown away by ultraviolet light.
其海洋蒸发,其水蒸气被紫外线照射而去.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was washed away by ultraviolet light.
其海洋蒸发,其水蒸气被紫外线冲走。
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was stripped away by ultraviolet light.
其海洋蒸发,其水蒸气被紫外线去除。
The oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
海洋蒸发了,水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
Its water evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
它的水蒸发了,它的水蒸气被紫外线烧掉了.
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气消失时,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今日所认识的金星。
As the hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当氢气消失时,剩下的只是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
Once its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
一旦它的氢气被释放了,剩下的就只有浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
When its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气脱落时,剩下的只是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a dense atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
当它的氢气消失时,剩下的是浓密的二氧化碳大气,带有致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
After its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect-- thus, the Venus we know today.
在氢被释放后,剩下的是浓厚的二氧化碳气味和致命的温室气体效应——因此,我们今天所认识的金星。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers published the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上公布了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model with the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员与《地球物理学研究信》杂志分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the findings of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们新的金星气候模型的发现。
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate models in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了他们新的金星气候模型的结果。
Researchers shared the results of the new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
研究人员在《地球物理学研究通讯》杂志上分享了金星新气候模型的结果。
Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
帕特里克·罗伊辞去阿瓦兰切的教练职务
Patrick Roy retires as Avalanche coach
帕特里克·罗伊退休后担任阿瓦兰切的教练
Patrick Ewing resigns as Avalanche coach
帕特里克·尤因辞去阿瓦兰切主教练一职
Patrick Kane resigns as Avalanche coach
帕特里克·凯恩辞去阿瓦兰切的教练职务
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
罗伊(Patrick Roy)于本周四辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球队(Coorado Avalanche)的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Friday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
上周五,帕特里克·罗伊辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Kane resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
上周四,帕特里克·凯恩辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the club's decision-making process.
罗伊(Patrick Roy)于本周四辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球运动的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是该俱乐部的决策过程缺乏发言权。
Patrick Ewing resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
尤因(Patrick Ewing)于本周四辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球队(Coorado Avalanche)的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Monday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
罗伊(Patrick Roy)于本周一辞去科罗拉多阿瓦兰切(Colorado Avalanche)曲棍球运动的教练兼副总裁一职,理由是在球队的决策过程中缺乏发言权。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club would begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach shortly.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部不久将开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will start a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach soon.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇证实了这一举动,并表示俱乐部不久将开始寻找新的教练。
Colorado executive vice president / general manager Joe Sakic welcomed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
科罗拉多州执行副总裁/总经理乔·萨基奇欢迎这一举动,并表示俱乐部将立即开始寻找新的教练。
" For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" During the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切冰球队的主教练和曲棍球队副总裁。”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" Over the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" For the past five years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“在过去的五年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" For the past three years, I have carried out my responsibilities as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,履行科罗拉多阿瓦兰切曲棍球队的主教练和副总裁的职责,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
" For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination, " the 50-year-old Roy stated in the statement.
“过去三年里,我以精力、激情和决心,担任科罗拉多阿瓦兰切的曲棍球队主教练和副总裁,”50岁的罗伊在声明中说。
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都想了好长一段时间,想如何改进这支球队,使它具备所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer on how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都在想如何改进这支球队,使它具有所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
I have thought long and hard during the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
在夏季,我对如何改进这支球队,使它达到所需要的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平,想了好长一段时间,也想了好长一段时间。
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team and give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都在想如何改进这支球队,并赋予它所需的深度,把它提升到更高的水平。
I have thought long and hard over the course of this summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
今年夏天,我对如何改进这支球队,使它达到所需要的深度,并使它达到更高的水平,想了好长一阵子,想了好一阵子。
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and take it to a higher level.
整个夏天我都在想如何改进这个团队,使它具有所需的深度,并把它提升到更高的水平。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
To accomplish this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一点,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
To do this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
要做到这一点,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景必须与组织完全一致。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations has to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景必须与组织的愿景完全一致。
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needed to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练的愿景和VP-hokey业务需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
To achieve that, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
为了实现这一目标,教练和VP-hokey业务的愿景需要与组织的愿景完全一致。
He must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
在影响团队业绩的决策中,他也必须有发言权。
He may also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
在影响团队表现的决策中,他也可能有发言权。
He must also have a say in the decisions that impact his team's performance.
在影响他团队业绩的决定中,他也必须有发言权。
He can also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
在影响团队业绩的决策中,他也可以有发言权。
He must also have a say in the decisions that affect the team's performance.
在影响团队表现的决策中,他也必须有发言权.
He will also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
在影响团队业绩的决策中,他也会有发言权。
These conditions are not currently met.
目前没有满足这些条件。
These standards are not currently met.
目前没有达到这些标准。
The conditions are not currently met.
目前没有满足这些条件。
These requirements are not currently met.
目前没有满足这些要求。
These criteria are not currently met.
目前没有达到这些标准。
These conditions are not currently applicable.
这些条件目前不适用。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
萨基奇2013年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2014, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
2014年5月23日雇用了罗伊的Sakic感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2012, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
萨基奇于2012年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2011, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
2011年5月23日雇用了罗伊的Sakic感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2010, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
萨基奇于2010年5月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对球队的贡献。
Sakic, who hired Roy on April 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
萨基奇于2013年4月23日聘请了罗伊,他感谢罗伊对团队的贡献。
" Patrick informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" He informed me of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 他今天通知了我他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" Patrick informed me of his decision yesterday, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克昨天把他的决定通知了我, ” 萨基奇说.
" Patrick informed me of his decision earlier, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克把他的决定早些告诉我, ” 萨基奇说.
" Patrick informed us of his decision today, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克今天通知了我们他的决定, ” 萨基奇说.
" Patrick informed me of his decision tonight, " Sakic said.
“ 帕特里克把他今晚的决定通知了我. ” 萨基奇说.
We appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We respect all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 尊重 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
I appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我对他为我们的组织所做的一切表示赞赏,并祝愿他今后一切顺利。
We appreciate everything he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 一切 工作, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We appreciate all he has done for the organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 该 组织 所作 的 一切 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
We appreciate what he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
我们 感谢 他 为 我们 的 组织 所作 的 努力, 并 祝愿 他 今后 好运 。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach in his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年的阿瓦兰切比赛中,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳主教练。
Roy was voted the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-2014年阿瓦兰切队的新秀赛季,罗伊当选为联赛最佳教练。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach after his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-14年度阿瓦兰切赛季的比赛中,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie year with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-14年度阿瓦兰切赛季的比赛中,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach following his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
在2013-14年度阿瓦兰切队的比赛中,罗伊被提名为联赛最佳教练。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分和1分,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He led the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分,并获得第一名,但科罗拉多州在季后赛第一轮中被明尼苏达州所困扰,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last three years.
科罗拉多州队在季后赛的第一轮比赛中被明尼苏达州队击败,在过去三年中,科罗拉多州队的季后赛每季都缺席了一次。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last four years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分和1分,但科罗拉多州对明尼苏达州季后赛第一轮的比赛感到沮丧,在过去4年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the second round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他带领俱乐部在中区队获得112分和1分的成绩,但科罗拉多州在第二轮季后赛中被明尼苏达州所困扰,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
He helped the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
他帮助俱乐部在中央分区获得112分和1分的成绩,但科罗拉多州在明尼苏达州第一轮季后赛中感到沮丧,在过去两年中,科罗拉多州都错过了季后赛。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配牌上,比野生号低了5分。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell four points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配牌上,比野生号低了4分。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell six points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配牌上,比野生号低六分。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 but fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了39-39-4分,但因在西部奥运会上获得第二张通心牌,比野生号低了5分。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell two points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号上标了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通心牌上,比野生号低了两分。
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell three points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
2015-16年,阿瓦兰切号发布了39-39-4分,在西部会议第二张通配牌上,比野生号还低了3分。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了四个斯坦利杯——一个是蒙特利尔加那迪斯杯,一个是阿瓦兰切杯。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won five Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了五杯斯坦利杯——与蒙特利尔加那迪安和阿瓦兰切各两杯。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won three Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了三个斯坦利杯——一个是蒙特利尔加纳迪斯杯,一个是阿瓦兰切杯。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- three apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次三杯,与蒙特利尔加那迪安和阿瓦兰切。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- one apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次是和蒙特利尔加那迪斯和阿瓦兰切的杯子。
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups-- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche.
作为名人门将,罗伊赢得了四次斯坦利杯——一次两杯,分别是蒙特利尔加那迪斯和科罗拉多阿瓦兰切。
North Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
北海石油工人恢复谈判,停止罢工
South Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
南海石油工人恢复谈判,停止罢工
Red Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
红海石油工人恢复谈判,停止罢工
Black Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
黑海石油工人恢复谈判,停止罢工
North Sea oil workers cease talks, suspend strike
北海石油工人停止谈判,停止罢工
North Sea oil workers hold talks, suspend strike
北海石油工人举行会谈,暂停罢工
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而争端各方都坐下来参加新一轮会谈。
All strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资问题的所有罢工均暂停,而争端各方都坐下来进行新一轮会谈。
The strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工暂时停止,而争端各方都坐下来进行新一轮会谈。
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers were suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而争端各方都坐下来进行新一轮会谈。
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of negotiations, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人工资罢工被暂停,而所有争议各方都坐下来进行新一轮谈判。
Further strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
首席谈判代表表示,北海石油业工人的薪酬进一步罢工将暂停,而所有争议当事方都将坐下来进行新一轮谈判。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对油田服务公司伍德集团(Wood Group)发动罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically at platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对油田服务公司伍德集团(Wood Group)发动罢工。
Strikes against oilfield service company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对油田服务公司伍德集团(Wood Group)发动罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically against platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海运营的平台上零星地发动了打击油田服务公司Wood Group(Wood Group)的罢工。
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea owned by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司伍德集团(Wood Group)在北海的平台上零星发动了对油田服务公司的罢工。
Strikes against oilfield equipment company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
荷兰皇家壳牌公司(Royal Dutch Shell)在北海的平台上零星地对油田设备公司伍德集团(Wood Group)发动罢工。
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和联合和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" The Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
联合声明中说:“小组、联合组织和RMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争端的进程。
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions do confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
“伍德集团和联合和RMT工会确实证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程,”一份联合声明说。
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions also confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团(Wood Group)与联合和RMT工会(Unite)也确认,我们已同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood Group and the Unite and UMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团和Unite和UMT工会可以证实,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
" Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions now confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute, " a joint statement read.
伍德集团(Wood Group)与联合和RMT联盟(Unite RMT)现在确认,我们已经同意重启解决当前争议的进程。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几 周 内 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 重新 审视 这些 问题 。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings in the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几 周 内 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 重新 审视 这些 问题 。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings during the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几 周 内 从 下 星期 初 开始 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 以便 重新 审视 这些 问题 。
We will hold a number of full-time meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几个 星期 内 举行 一些 专门 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 对 这些 问题 进行 新 的 研究 。
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next several weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
我们 将 在 今后 几个 星期 内 举行 一系列 全天 的 会议, 从 下 星期 初 开始, 以便 重新 审视 这些 问题 。
We will have a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
在接下来的几个星期里,我们将举行若干整天的会议,从下周初开始,以便重新审视这些问题。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议潜在的高达30%的减薪。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 40 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的首次行动)是为了抗议高达40%的降薪。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 20 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议可能削减20%的工资。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 50 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议潜在的高达50%的减薪。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, is in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是25多年来的首次行动)是为了抗议高达30%的降薪。
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 30 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
工会表示,他们最近的行动(这是30多年来的第一次行动)是为了抗议潜在的高达30%的减薪。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,伍德集团(Wood Group)今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了9%左右。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to their North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,木头集团(Wood Group)今年将支付给北海承包商的费率下调了9%左右。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by approximately 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,木头集团(Wood Group)今年向北海承包商支付的佣金减少了9%左右。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 25 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,木头集团(Wood Group)今年向北海承包商支付的佣金减少了25%左右。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 30 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,伍德集团(Wood Group)今年向北海承包商支付的佣金减少了30%左右。
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 10 percent because of negative market pressures.
由于市场负压力,伍德集团(Wood Group)今年向北海承包商支付的价格减少了10%左右。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后开始降价。
The company's rate reduction follows a 20 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价20%后开始降价。
The agency's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
在2014年对陆上承包商降价10%之后,该机构的降价率。
The government's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
2014年,政府下调了陆上承建商10%的费率。
The company's fee reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%后开始降低成本。
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent increase for onshore contractors in 2014.
该公司在2014年对陆上承建商降价10%之后实施降价。
The company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给该公司在市场低迷时期所需的空间。
The company said additional cuts will give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给该公司所需的空间,以度过市场低迷。
The company said additional cuts would allow the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司能够腾出所需的空间来渡过市场低迷。
The company said additional cuts would give the company the room required to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将给该公司在市场低迷时期所需的空间。
The company said additional cuts would give the company more room needed to move through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司有更多空间来度过市场低迷。
The company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to push through the market downturn.
该公司表示,额外的裁员将使公司有余地推动市场下滑。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经裁员数千人,并宣布了在与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)正在精简业务后,将石油和天然气业务外包给至多10个国家。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the aftermath of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经裁员数千人,并宣布了在与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)开始精简业务后,将把石油天然气业务留在至多10个国家。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company LG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经裁员数千人,并宣布了在与英国能源公司LG Group(LG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)正在精简业务后,将石油和天然气业务外包给至多10个国家。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries once it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司已裁员数千人,并宣布一旦与英国能源公司BG Group(BG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司(Shell)开始精简业务后,将把石油和天然气业务裁员至多10个国家。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BPG Group.
壳牌公司已裁员数千人,并宣布计划将石油和天然气业务留在多达10个国家,在与英国能源公司BPG Group(BPG Group)进行大规模合并后,壳牌公司正在精简其业务。
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of workers from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
壳牌公司(Shell)已经裁员数千人,并宣布了将石油和天然气业务外包给多达10个国家的计划,因为壳牌公司在与英国能源公司BG Group进行大规模合并后,正在精简其业务。
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy markets are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
原油价格下跌对能源市场造成了压力,英国6月决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy prices are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价因原油价格下跌而面临压力,英国6月决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Oil companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
原油价格下跌对石油公司造成了压力,英国6月份决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
British companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
原油价格下跌对英国企业造成了压力,而英国6月份决定退出欧盟使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Energy companies were under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
油价下跌对能源公司造成了压力,英国6月决定退出欧盟,使这一经济形势雪上加霜。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会面,讨论过一代人以来在北海地区发生的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labour disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会晤,讨论在一代人时间内打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea for a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会面,讨论在北海进行长达一代人的最大劳资纠纷之一。
British Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
英国国会议员戴维·安德森(Dave Anderson)本周早些时候与劳工领袖们会晤,讨论在一代人时间内打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest industrial disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周早些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖们会面,讨论在一代人时间内打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders later this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
本周晚些时候,苏格兰议员戴维·安德森与劳工领袖会面,讨论在一代人时间内打击北海的最大劳资纠纷之一。
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The Baltic Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
他说,波罗的海对区域经济至关重要。
The Mediterranean Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
他说,地中海对区域经济至关重要。
The Black Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
他说,黑海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, he said, is crucial for the regional economy.
他说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
The North Sea, she said, is vital for the regional economy.
她说,北海对区域经济至关重要。
" In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在北海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" Between the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在北海和全国的右岸之间,我们需要一种对很多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济。”他在一份声明中说。
" From the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“从北海到全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" Beyond the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在北海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" Across the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“横跨北海,横跨整个国家,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
" In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy which works for the many and not just the few, " he said in a statement.
“在北海和全国各地,我们需要一个对许多人,而不仅仅是少数人都起作用的经济,”他在一份声明中说。
Less than $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将少于14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less than $ 2. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将少于24亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less than $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2015, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2015年北海新项目支出将少于14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less than $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea was expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将少于14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Less than $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 5 billion in the past five years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将少于14亿美元,而过去5年的平均支出约为50亿美元。
Less than $ 1. 4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $ 7 billion in the past three years.
预计2016年北海新项目支出将少于14亿美元,而过去三年的平均支出约为70亿美元。
Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群中恒星的自旋速率
Kepler measures spin rate of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群中恒星的自旋速率
Kepler measures rotation rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群中恒星的转速
Kepler measures extinction rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量类星群中恒星的灭绝率
Kepler measures spin rates in stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群中恒星的自旋速率
Kepler measures spin rates for stars in Pleiades cluster
开普勒测量星群中恒星的自旋速率
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates in the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of rotation rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的一次飞行任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的恒星转速目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers find the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的一次飞行任务帮助天文学家发现了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars in the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜的最新任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates for the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
开普勒空间望远镜最近的一次飞行任务帮助天文学家收集了星群中最完整的自旋速率目录。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars within the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at different rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
This new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
这个新的数据有助于天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as what rotation periods relate to planet formation.
新的数据正在帮助天文学家理解为什么星群中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及什么轮转周期与行星的形成有关。
The resulting data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
由此产生的数据有助于天文学家理解为什么群落中的恒星以不同的速度旋转,以及转动周期与行星形成的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" I hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
位于帕萨迪纳的加州理工学院红外处理和分析中心的科学家露易莎·瑞布尔在一份新闻稿中说:“通过将我们的研究结果与其他星群进行比较,我们将会更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, stated in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Reis, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们就能更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Luisa Reina, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望,通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们就能更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
" We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system, " Daniela Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
我们希望通过将我们的结果与其他星群进行比较,我们可以更多地了解一颗恒星的质量、其年龄、甚至其太阳系的历史之间的关系。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-years from Earth.
星团位于距地球445光年的地方。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 525 light-years from Earth.
星群位于距地球525光年的地方。
The Pleiades cluster is located 445 light-years from Earth.
星群位于距地球445光年的地方。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 446 light-years from Earth.
星群位于距地球446光年的地方。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 442 light-years from Earth.
星群位于距地球442光年的地方。
The Pleiades cluster is situated 447 light-years from Earth.
星群位于距地球447光年的地方。
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的许多恒星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
Most of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的大多数星群刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born approximately 125 million years ago.
群星群中的许多恒星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
Some of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中的一些恒星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born about 125 million years ago.
群星群中的许多恒星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
All of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
群星群中所有的恒星刚刚步入成年,大约在1.25亿年前诞生。
They're spinning as fast as they ever will.
他们转得越快越好。
We're spinning as fast as they ever will.
我们正像他们一样快速地旋转。
They're spinning as fast as they possibly will.
他们转得越快越好。
They're moving as fast as they ever will.
他们正以最快的速度行动。
They're going as fast as they ever will.
他们走得越快越好。
They're running as fast as they ever will.
他们跑得越快越好。
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风。
During their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在其顶峰自旋速率中喷射出大量的恒星风.
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars inject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下注入了大量的恒星风。
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject significant amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星在它们的顶峰自旋速率下喷射出大量的恒星风.
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject huge amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星以它们的最高自旋速率喷射出大量的恒星风。
At their peak spin rate, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
这些成熟的恒星以它们的最高自旋速率喷射出大量的恒星风.
As these winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们在恒星上产生了制动效应.
As the winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当狂风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
As stellar winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当恒星的狂风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们会对恒星产生制动效应.
When these winds travel across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时,它们就会对恒星产生制动效应。
As these winds travel across the stars'magnetic field, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时,它们会对恒星产生制动效应。
As these winds move across the stars'magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
当这些风穿过恒星的磁场时, 它们在恒星上产生了制动效应.
As a star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
As a star ages, its spin rate starts to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
As the star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.
随着恒星年龄的增长, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
As a star ages, the spin rate begins to slow down.
在恒星时代,自旋速率开始放缓。
As a star ages, its spin rate tends to slow down.
在恒星时代, 其自旋速率往往会放缓.
As a star grows, its spin rate begins to slow down.
随着一颗恒星的成长, 其自旋速度开始放缓.
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the interval between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子外观之间的间隔来测量每颗恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the formation of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子形成之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the intervals between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
开普勒通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子外观之间的间隔来测量每颗恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Keck measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
雀斑通过跟踪可识别的恒星黑子外观之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率,就像太阳黑子一样。
Kessler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots-- like sunspots.
克斯勒通过跟踪从可识别的恒星点的出现到太阳黑子出现之间的时间来测量每个恒星的自旋速率。
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比起较少的恒星,更多的恒星的自旋速度要慢。
The latest catalog of spin rates indicates more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,较大型恒星的自旋速度要慢。
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more rapidly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,大型恒星的自旋速度比大型恒星的自旋速度要快。
The latest catalog of spin rates shows more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录显示,大颗粒的恒星旋转速度比小颗粒的恒星慢。
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more quickly than less massive stars.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,大型恒星的自旋速度比大型恒星的自旋速度要快。
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive ones.
最新的自旋速率目录表明,比较小的自旋速率要慢得多的恒星。
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, large ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 大的比小的要慢.
Turnbull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
特恩布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rei likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
瑞把星星比作舞蹈演员, 较大的比较小的要慢.
Reiner likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
驯鹿把星星比作舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星慢.
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more wildly than smaller ones.
瑞布尔把星星比作舞蹈者, 较大的星星比较小的星星更疯狂.
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
" From the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
从星的'ballet'中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,而最快转子的体积则比较轻。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, while the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到慢转子的体积较大,而最快转子的体积则非常轻。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slower rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet'中,我们看到慢速的转子越来越大,而最快的转子往往是非常轻的星星。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that faster rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到转子越快越大,转子越快越大,转子越轻越好。
" In the'ballet'of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, but the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars, " said Rebull.
在星的'ballet中,我们看到慢转子的体积比较大,但是最快的转子往往是非常轻的星星。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Since the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星团如此接近,它是一个理想的宇宙实验室,可以比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
As the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星团如此接近,它是一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it acts as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,它作为一个理想的宇宙实验室来比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
Because the Pleiades cluster lies so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群的分布如此接近,所以它是一个理想的宇宙实验室,可以将恒星质量与自旋速率进行比较。
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as the ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
由于星群非常接近,所以它是理想的宇宙实验室,可以比较恒星质量和自旋速率。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星向上旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这种理论模型向上向下移动,越来越年轻,也越来越老。”鲁布尔说。
" The Pleiades star cluster is an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团是恒星自转的理论模型的锚,它向两个方向移动,越来越年轻,也越来越老。”鲁布尔说。
" The Pleiades stellar cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
星簇为恒星向上旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这种理论模型向上向下移动,越来越年轻,也越来越老。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星在年轻和老年两个方向旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚。
" The Pleiades galaxy cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
星系团为恒星向上旋转的理论模型提供了一个锚,这种理论模型向上向下移动,越来越年轻,也越来越老。
" The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for mathematical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older, " said Rebull.
普莱德星团为恒星向两个方向旋转的数学模型提供了一个锚。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星降低他们的自旋速率和挂起他们的舞鞋,等等。
We do have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们确实有很多想了解如何, 何时和为什么恒星减速和挂起他们的舞鞋, 可以说.
We also have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们也有很多想了解如何,何时和为什么恒星减速和悬挂他们的舞蹈鞋,等等。
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates or hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们仍然有很多想知道如何,何时和为什么恒星降低他们的自旋率或悬挂他们的舞鞋,等等。
We all have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们有很多想知道如何, 何时和为什么恒星减速和悬挂他们的舞蹈鞋, 可以说.
We both have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their'dance shoes ,'so to speak.
我们俩都非常想了解如何, 何时和为什么恒星降低自旋速率,然后挂起它们的舞鞋, 可以说.
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在三份新论文中详细分析了雷亚德的自旋率,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in two new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事在不久将在《天文学杂志》上发表的两篇新论文中详细介绍了他们最近对普莱德自旋率的分析。
Rebull and her colleagues described their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在不久将在《天文学杂志》上发表的三份新论文中描述了他们最近对普莱德自旋率的分析。
Rebull and her colleagues presented their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在不久将在《天文学杂志》上发表的三份新论文中介绍了他们最近对Pleiades自旋率的分析。
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in The Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在三份新论文中详细分析了Pleiades自旋率,不久将在《天文学期刊》上发表。
Rebull and her colleagues published their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
Rebull和她的同事们在三份新论文中公布了他们最新的Pleiades自旋率分析,不久将发表在《天文学杂志》上。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of the water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the North Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of the water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,北湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. Those who do not understand the situation of the water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人很可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the East Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of the water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,东湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
According to Zheng Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the West Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of the water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长郑建君说,西湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人很可能面临危险。
According to Liu Jianjun, the Management Section Chief of Nanhu Park Water Area, the deepest point of the South Lake is more than 10 meters deep. People who do not understand the situation of the water are probably confronted with danger.
据南湖公园水区管理科科长刘建君说,南湖最深处有10多米深,不懂得水情况的人可能面临危险。
" Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists will wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely. " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" While the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists will wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely. " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队非常专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" Though the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists will wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely. " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists will wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake and play safely. " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists should wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely. " Zheng Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的营救队很专业,但是我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客都穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
" Although the Nanhu Park rescue team is very professional, we still hope that the majority of rowing tourists will wear life jackets and stay away from illegal activities on the lake to play safely. " Liu Jianjun said.
虽然南湖公园的救援队很专业,但是我们仍然希望大多数划艇的游客穿上救生衣,远离湖上的非法活动,安全地玩耍。
Weitou Village boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
威都村拥有独特的海洋环境,有自然生态、文化生态等两种休闲旅游资源。
Shantou Village boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有自然生态、文化生态等两种休闲旅游资源。
Nantou Village boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
南头村拥有独特的海洋环境,有自然生态、文化生态等两种休闲旅游资源。
Weitou Village has a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
卫斗村有着独特的海洋环境,有自然生态、文化生态等两种休闲旅游资源。
Weikou Village boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
卫口村拥有独特的海洋环境,有自然生态、文化生态等两种休闲旅游资源。
Weixiu Village boasts a unique marine environment, with two leisure travel resources including natural ecology and cultural ecology.
维秀村拥有独特的海洋环境,有自然生态、文化生态等两种休闲旅游资源。
" However, several owners who bought the parking lots in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking space and thought that others may be selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车场的几家业主担心这会影响他们的停车空间的价格,认为其他人可能是自私的,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车空间的变迁被搁置了。”
" However, several owners who bought the parking lots in the community feared that this would affect the price of their parking space or thought that others may be selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车场的几家业主担心这会影响停车空间的价格,或者认为其他人可能自私自利,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车空间的变换被搁置了。”
" However, several owners who bought the parking lots in the community feared that this would affect the price of the parking space and thought that others may be selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车场的几家业主担心这会影响停车场的价格,认为其他人可能是自私的,所以他们一直在策划坏的事情,这使停车场的变迁被搁置了。”
" However, several owners who bought the parking lots in the community thought that this would affect the price of their parking space and thought that others may be selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车场的几个业主认为这会影响停车空间的价格,认为其他人可能是自私自利的,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车空间的变换被搁置了。”
" However, several owners who bought the parking lots in the community believed that this would affect the price of their parking space and thought that others may be selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车场的几个业主认为这会影响他们的停车空间的价格,认为其他人可能是自私自利的,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车空间的变换被搁置了。”
" However, several owners who bought the parking lots in the community felt that this would affect the price of their parking space and thought that others may be selfish, so they had been plotting for bad things. This had shelved the parking space transformation. "
“然而,在社区购买停车场的几个业主认为这会影响他们的停车空间的价格,认为其他人可能是自私自利的,所以他们一直在策划糟糕的事情,这使停车空间的变换被搁置了。”
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different views in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的观点。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different views within the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界中仍有许多不同的观点。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different views among the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的观点。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and to whom, there are still many different views in the academic community.
至于何时向谁介绍红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的看法。
As to the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still many different views in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有许多不同的观点。
As for the question about when the sweet potatoes are introduced and by whom, there are still several different views in the academic community.
至于何时引入和由谁引入红薯的问题,学术界仍有一些不同的观点。
According to the current mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
根据目前的主流观点,甜薯的引入有三条主线。
According to the current mainstream view, there are three main lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
根据目前的主流观点,甜薯的引入有三条主线。
According to the current mainstream view, there are four major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
根据目前的主流观点,甜薯的引入有四条主线。
According to the current mainstream view, there are two major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
根据目前的主流观点,甜薯的引入有两个主要方面。
According to the modern mainstream view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
根据现代的主流观点,甜薯的引入有三条主线。
According to the current popular view, there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato.
根据目前流行的观点,引入红薯主要有三条线。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and the widest spread.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、传播最广的系列。
Of the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the greatest impact and the widest spread.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、传播最广的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the largest impact and the widest spread.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、传播最广的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the biggest impact and the widest spread.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、传播最广的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Fuzhou is the one with the most impact and the widest spread.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进到福州是影响最大、传播最广的系列。
Among the three lines of introducing sweet potato, the introduction by Chen Zhenlong from Philippine to Suzhou is the one with the greatest impact and the widest spread.
在引进红薯的三大系列中,陈镇龙从菲律宾引进苏州是影响最大、传播最广的系列。
The Beijing Municipal Social Organization Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts for social organization membership fees.
北京市社会组织管理处将很快对社会组织会员费统一收据使用情况进行专项检查。
The Shanghai Municipal Social Organization Management Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts for social organization membership fees.
上海市社会组织管理处将很快对社会组织会员费统一收据使用情况进行专项检查。
The Beijing Municipal Social Organization Management Office will soon carry out special inspections regarding the use of unified receipts for social organization membership fees.
北京市社会组织管理处将很快对社会组织会员费统一收据使用情况进行专项检查。
The Beijing Municipal Social Organization Management Office will soon carry out periodic inspections on the use of unified receipts for social organization membership fees.
北京市社会组织管理处将定期检查社会组织会员费统一收据使用情况。
The Beijing Municipal Social Organization Management Office would soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts for social organization membership fees.
北京市社会组织管理处将很快对社会组织会员费统一收据使用情况进行专项检查。
The Beijing Municipal Social Organization Control Office will soon carry out special inspections on the use of unified receipts for social organization membership fees.
北京市社会组织控制办公室将很快对社会组织会员费统一收据使用情况进行专项检查。
The inspections will be divided into two categories, i. e. unit self-examination and spot inspection.
检查分为单位自我检查和现场检查两大类。
The evaluations will be divided into two categories, i. e. unit self-examination and spot inspection.
评价将分为两个类别,即单位自我检查和现场检查。
The screenings will be divided into two categories, i. e. unit self-examination and spot inspection.
筛检分为单位自检和现场检查两类。
The inspections will be split into two categories, i. e. unit self-examination and spot inspection.
检查分为单位自我检查和现场检查两大类。
The inspections will be classified into two categories, i. e. unit self-examination and spot inspection.
检查分为单位自我检查和现场检查两大类。
The inspections will be divided into two groups, i. e. unit self-examination and spot inspection.
视察工作分为两组,即单位自我检查和现场检查。
A responsible person of the municipal social organization office said that the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts for social group fees in the office between 2013 and 2015.
市政社会组织办公室的一名负责人说,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在办公室领取社会团体费用统一收据的社会群体。
The responsible person of the municipal social organization office said that the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts for social group fees in the office between 2013 and 2015.
市政社会组织办公室负责人说,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在办公室领取社会团体费用统一收据的社会群体。
A senior person of the municipal social organization office said that the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts for social group fees in the office between 2013 and 2015.
市政社会组织办公室的一名资深人士说,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在办公室领取社会团体费用统一收据的社会群体。
A responsible person of the municipal social organization office said that the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts from social group fees in the office between 2013 and 2015.
市政社会组织办公室的一名负责人说,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间从办公室收到社会团体费用统一收据的社会群体。
A staff person of the municipal social organization office said that the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts for social group fees in the office between 2013 and 2015.
市政社会组织办公室的一名工作人员说,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在办公室领取社会团体费用统一收据的社会群体。
A responsible person of the municipal social organization office said that the scope of the inspection covers social groups who received unified receipts for social group fees at the office between 2013 and 2015.
市政社会组织办公室的一名负责人说,检查范围涵盖2013年至2015年期间在办公室领取社会团体费用统一收据的社会群体。
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the Olympic Games communication strategy in 2012.
里约奥组委在2012年制定奥林匹克运动会宣传战略时表示:“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的。”
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee after establishing the Olympic Games communication strategy in 2012.
在2012年制定奥林匹克运动会宣传战略后,里约热内卢奥组委表示,“在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定了奥运会的成功。”
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee when establishing the Olympic Games communication strategy in 2012.
里约奥组委在2012年制定奥林匹克运动会宣传战略时表示:“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的。”
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories on social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the Olympic Games communication strategy in 2012.
里约奥组委在2012年制定奥林匹克运动会宣传战略时表示:“奥运会的成功是由在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定的。”
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories via social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee while establishing the Olympic Games communication strategy in 2012.
里约奥组委在2012年制定奥林匹克运动会宣传战略时表示,“通过社交媒体分享故事的人决定了奥运会的成功。”
" The success of the Olympic Games is defined by people who share stories in social media, " said the Rio Olympic Organizing Committee in establishing the Olympic Games communication strategy in 2012.
里约奥组委在2012年制定奥林匹克运动会宣传战略时表示,“在社交媒体上分享故事的人决定了奥运会的成功。”
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of big changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等诸多方面都发生了巨大变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of big changes in the aspect of method of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等诸多方面都发生了巨大变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of big changes on the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻透视等诸多方面都发生了巨大变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of big changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, narrative form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、叙事形式、语言风格、新闻透视等各个方面都发生了巨大的变化。
Since the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of big changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, language style, news perspective and many other aspects.
自奥运新闻发布以来,媒体在传播方式、产品形式、语言风格、新闻视角等各个方面都发生了巨大变化。
From the news reports of the Olympic Games, all media have made a lot of big changes in the aspect of mode of transmission, product form, presentation style, news perspective and many other aspects.
从奥运会的新闻报道中,所有媒体在传播方式、产品形式、展示风格、新闻透视等诸多方面都发生了巨大变化。
It seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It appears that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the globe will have to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和全球各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮的挑战。
It follows that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
因此,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮挑战。
It means that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will have to meet this round of challenges.
这意味着国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者必须迎接这一轮挑战。
It seems that the International Olympic Committee and the media practitioners around the world will need to meet this round of challenges.
看来,国际奥委会和世界各地的媒体工作者需要应对这一轮挑战。
August 11 was the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. A source said that there is nothing special in the market response during the first two days of the IPO. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月11日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股的最后一天。有消息称,在首次公开发行的头两天,市场反应并无特别之处。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日上市。
August 12 was the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. A source said that there is nothing special in the market response during the first two days of the IPO. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月12日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股的最后一天。有消息人士表示,在首次公开发行的头两天,市场的反应并无特别之处。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
August 11 was the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. The source said that there is nothing special in the market response during the first two days of the IPO. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月11日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股票的最后一天。消息人士表示,在首次公开发行的头两天,市场的反应并无特别之处。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
August 11 was the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. One source said that there is nothing special in the market response during the first two days of the IPO. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月11日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股票的最后一天。有消息人士表示,在首次公开发行的头两天,市场的反应并无特别之处。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
August 11 was the last day for the open sale of Sunbright Securities H shares. A source said that there is nothing special in the market response during the first two days of the IPO. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月11日是公开出售Sunbright Securities H股的最后一天。有消息人士表示,在首次公开发行的头两天,市场的反应并无特别之处。根据该计划,该股票将于8月18日在香港证券交易所上市。
August 13 was the last day for the open sale of Everbright Securities H shares. A source said that there is nothing special in the market response during the first two days of the IPO. According to the plan, it will be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on August 18.
8月13日是公开出售Everbright Securities H股票的最后一天。有消息称,在首次公开发行的头两天,市场反应并无特别之处。根据该计划,该公司将于8月18日上市。
A domestic brokerage analyst said that Orient Securities did not enjoy a good foundation in Hong Kong. Only the capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with bank-type brokers like Bank of China International and CITIC Securities.
一名国内券商分析师表示,东方证券在香港没有良好的基础,只有资本管理业务才是其实力所在,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(CICTIC Securities)等银行类证券相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
A financial brokerage analyst said that Orient Securities did not enjoy a good foundation in Hong Kong. Only the capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with bank-type brokers like Bank of China International and CITIC Securities.
一名金融经纪分析师表示,东方证券在香港没有良好的基础,只有资本管理业务才是它的力量所在,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(ICTIC Securities)等银行类经纪公司相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
One domestic brokerage analyst said that Orient Securities did not enjoy a good foundation in Hong Kong. Only the capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with bank-type brokers like Bank of China International and CITIC Securities.
一名国内券商分析师表示,东方证券在香港没有良好的基础,只有资本管理业务才是其实力所在,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(CICTIC Securities)等银行类证券相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
A Chinese brokerage analyst said that Orient Securities did not enjoy a good foundation in Hong Kong. Only the capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with bank-type brokers like Bank of China International and CITIC Securities.
一名中国券商分析师表示,东方证券在香港没有良好的基础,只有资本管理业务才是其实力所在,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(CICTIC Securities)等银行类证券相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
A leading brokerage analyst said that Orient Securities did not enjoy a good foundation in Hong Kong. Only the capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with bank-type brokers like Bank of China International and CITIC Securities.
一位主要券商分析师表示,东方证券在香港没有良好的基础,只有资本管理业务才是它的力量所在,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(CICTIC Securities)等银行类经纪公司相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
The domestic brokerage analyst said that Orient Securities did not enjoy a good foundation in Hong Kong. Only the capital management business is its strength. It has many inherent problems compared with bank-type brokers like Bank of China International and CITIC Securities.
国内券商分析师表示,东方证券在香港没有良好的基础,只有资本管理业务才是其实力所在,与中国国际银行(Bank of China International)和中信证券(CICTIC Securities)等银行型券商相比,它存在许多固有的问题。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the situations of securities firms after their listing are dependent on the detailed development performance of their businesses and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多券商都陷入了萧条,但证券公司上市后的状况取决于其业务的详细发展业绩,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the situations of securities firms after their listing is dependent on the detailed development performance of their businesses and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,许多经纪商今年的业绩出现下滑,但证券公司上市后的状况取决于其业务的详细发展业绩,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the situations of securities firms after their listing are dependent upon the detailed development performance of their businesses and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多券商都陷入了萧条,但证券公司上市后的状况取决于其业务的详细发展业绩,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. But the situations of securities firms after their listing are dependent on the overall development performance of their businesses and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,许多经纪商今年的业绩出现下滑,但证券公司上市后的状况取决于其业务的总体发展业绩,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. All the situations of securities firms after their listing are dependent on the detailed development performance of their businesses and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场恢复平稳,今年许多券商的业绩都出现了下挫,证券公司上市后的所有情况都取决于其业务的详细发展业绩,不能一概而论。
Experts pointed out that with the return of the securities market to flatness, many brokers sagged this year in results. So the situations of securities firms after their listing are dependent on the detailed development performance of their businesses and cannot be generalized.
专家指出,随着证券市场回归平稳,今年许多券商的业绩都出现了下挫,因此,证券公司上市后的状况取决于其业务的详细发展业绩,不能一概而论。
With the introduction of this new regulation, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新法规的出台,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
With the introduction of this new regulation, Suzhou will become the first third-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新法规的出台,苏州将成为首个三线城市,将重新启动购房限制。
With the introduction of this new regulation, Suzhou would become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新法规的出台,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
With the introduction of this new regulation, Suzhou has become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新法规的出台,苏州市已成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
With the introduction of this new regulation, Suzhou will be the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新法规的出台,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
With the implementation of this new regulation, Suzhou will become the first second-tier city to restart the purchase restriction.
随着新法规的实施,苏州将成为首个重新启动购房限制的二线城市。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce property market regulations and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管和监管政策。
In addition to Suzhou, other third-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce property market regulations and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等三线城市也将引入房地产市场监管和监管政策。
In addition to Suzhou, other first-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce property market regulations and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等一线城市也将引入房地产市场监管和监管政策。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Guangzhou will also introduce property market regulations and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、广州等二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管和监管政策。
In addition to Suzhou, other lower-tier cities including Hefei and Nanjing will also introduce property market regulations and control policies.
除苏州市外,合肥、南京等其它低层城市也将引入房地产市场监管和监管政策。
In addition to Suzhou, other second-tier cities including Hefei and Shanghai will also introduce property market regulations and control policies.
除了苏州,合肥和上海等其他二线城市也将引入房地产市场监管和监管政策。
Prior to that, Hefei had come the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two apartments in Hefei and have one outstanding housing loan, they will be denied by banks in applying for mortgage services.
在此之前,合肥首先对贷款政策作出限制,对于在合肥有两套公寓和一栋未偿住房贷款的人,银行将拒绝他们申请按揭服务。
Prior to that, Hefei had come the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two apartments in Hefei or have one outstanding housing loan, they will be denied by banks in applying for mortgage services.
在此之前,合肥首先对贷款政策作出限制,对于在合肥有两套公寓或有一套未偿住房贷款的人,银行将拒绝他们申请按揭服务。
Prior to that, Hefei had come the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two apartments in Hefei but have one outstanding housing loan, they will be denied by banks in applying for mortgage services.
在此之前,合肥首先对贷款政策作出限制,对于在合肥有两套公寓但有一套未偿住房贷款的人,银行将拒绝他们申请按揭服务。
Prior to that, Hefei had come the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have three apartments in Hefei and have one outstanding housing loan, they will be denied by banks in applying for mortgage services.
在此之前,合肥率先发布了贷款限制政策,对于在合肥有三套公寓和一栋未偿住房贷款的人,银行将拒绝他们申请按揭服务。
Prior to that, Hefei has come the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who have two apartments in Hefei and have one outstanding housing loan, they will be denied by banks in applying for mortgage services.
在此之前,合肥已率先对贷款政策作出限制,对于在合肥有两套公寓和一栋未偿住房贷款的人,银行将拒绝他们申请按揭服务。
Prior to that, Hefei had come the first to issue restrictions on lending policy. For people who own two apartments in Hefei and have one outstanding housing loan, they will be denied by banks in applying for mortgage services.
在此之前,合肥首先对贷款政策作出限制,对于在合肥拥有两套公寓和一栋未偿住房贷款的人,银行将拒绝他们申请按揭服务。
